<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2009-07-01
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Read error: 110 (Connection timed out))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory_ (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Read error: 110 (Connection timed out))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (i=mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (n=grahamtr@82.9.75.90) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (n=grahamtr@82.9.75.90) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (n=grahamtr@cpc3-stev1-0-0-cust857.lutn.cable.ntl.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (n=awoods@96.255.65.4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (n=awoods@96.255.65.4) Quit (Remote closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (n=awoods@pool-96-255-65-4.washdc.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Read error: 60 (Operation timed out))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (n=grahamtr@cpc3-stev1-0-0-cust857.lutn.cable.ntl.com) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (n=grahamtr@82.9.75.90) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bbranan (n=lc@9.159.121.70.cfl.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; (moving jcr+fedora+duracloud discussion to irc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;awoods&gt; In looking at the 'storage delegation layer' page:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;awoods&gt; <a href="http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/Storage+Delegation+Layer?focusedCommentId=7733379#comment-7733379">http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/Storage+Delegation+Layer?focusedCommentId=7733379#comment-7733379</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;awoods&gt; it seems worth discussing how we might leverage efforts</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;awoods&gt; from my perspective... especially as we are trying to tackle duracloud/fedora/dspace plugins</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; I know there was some thinking a while back to use JCR on the back end of dspace as a way to integrate with various stores.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;awoods&gt; what came of it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; dunno.  the "Content Repository Service API" was mentioned in Mark's comment on the above link.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;awoods&gt; were there discussions around this that fed into Akubra?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; I also heard from Mark at or09 that there's some thinking around using the DCMI Description Set Profile to help with defining constraints in a general way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; re:Akubra, not really...Akubra was never intended to take on anything more than blobs-with-uris</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;awoods&gt; <a href="http://dublincore.org/architecturewiki/DescriptionSetProfile">http://dublincore.org/architecturewiki/DescriptionSetProfile</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; So far, the link from yesterday re:JCR is the closest attempt I've seen of getting a JCR interface for Fedora.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; I think having such a thing would be very welcome by a lot of folks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;awoods&gt; do you have that link?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; <a href="http://rit.mellon.org/projects/PloneJCR.pdf">http://rit.mellon.org/projects/PloneJCR.pdf</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; Also, link from Mark yesterday: <a href="http://weblogs.goshaky.com/weblogs/alexkli/entry/using_jackrabbit_spi_to_implement">http://weblogs.goshaky.com/weblogs/alexkli/entry/using_jackrabbit_spi_to_implement</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;awoods&gt; I am looking at yesterdays log...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;awoods&gt; <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/index.php?date=2009-06-30">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/index.php?date=2009-06-30</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;awoods&gt; it seems incomplete</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;awoods&gt; or at least I am not seeing the links</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; yes, logging didn't start till later yesterday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; i have the info in my buffer tho..hmmm...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory_ (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Read error: 110 (Connection timed out))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; ok, previous text from yesterday is there now, check link again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Was the DSpace committers' meeting to be in #duraspace or #dspace today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; It's meant to be here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; we might want to periodically poke #dspace to get them over here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Okay, topic nominations for today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hello.  Topics for today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; GSoC Mentors Evaluations are Next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; will announce to dspace-gsoc list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; seems we are operating with a smaller group today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; perhaps focus on topics that are relevant to us</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Do we usually discuss irrelevant topics? :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: there was a thread yesterday on some of the statistics work going on. I can give some status on the @mire side as we get ready to publish modules into the svn repo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, that sounds like a topic.  Anything else?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; apparently not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Other topics of interest, since we have cwilper and bbranan we can chat about DSpace 2.0 / JCR etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; tdonohue asks over on #dspace:  "Is there a CGI:IRC interface to #duraspace anywhere?  that's the only way I can get on IRC at work (all normal IRC ports are blocked)"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; boggling...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; cwilper: you still have that link I sent you... think its in your wiki now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, there was a question about JCR and related things just before you joined.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I see it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://www.mibbit.com/">http://www.mibbit.com/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* testing (i=52094b5a@gateway/web/freenode/x-b6b7477dc1562037) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:18]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* testing (i=52094b5a@gateway/web/freenode/x-b6b7477dc1562037) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;awoods&gt; our experience yesterday was what mibbit was no longer working with freenode.net</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; heard mibbit had probs with freenode, but this worked for ppl: <a href="http://webchat.freenode.net/">http://webchat.freenode.net/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue_ (i=80ae241d@gateway/web/freenode/x-23884c684ed368c4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Apparently webchat does work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; cwilper: Freenode blocks Mibbit - but it tells you to use webchat.freenode.net</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue_&gt; yep, i got in via webchat.freenode.net just now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, topics so far are "statistics" and "DSpace2/JCR".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ahh ok... good to note</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue_: maybe you can comment ont he delegate admin stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue_&gt; sure...I can do that...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue_&gt; essentially, after problems with my NetBeans (it wasn't finding/committing all my code changes), I finally got DS-228 patch committed in preparation for 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; maybe a converstation about this channel in this channel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue_&gt; it adds the ability to assign Community Administration privileges, and also adds the ability to move items (in XMLUI) between collections</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I.E. #duraspace polisies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; policies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue_&gt; yes?  it would be good to inform me of policies if they are different than #dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 1.) Everytime you say "commit" you have to drink</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; no wonder everyone in #dspace is sober</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 2.) 100% Logged, 100% of the time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue_:  Delegated Admins, how far along is it in terms of testing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue_&gt; Delegated Admins needs testing..it's in DSpace Trunk right now, but I'd appreciate any testing anyone can provide.....also, Andrea Bollini is leading the port to JSPU (currently it's only fully functional on XMLUI)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Documented?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue_&gt; Documentation is currently just here:  <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-228">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-228</a>    That's still a to-do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Is this where we call Jeff in?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue_&gt; It's also worth reviewing the decisions made as to what Community Admins, Collection Admins can and cannot do....Currently this is *not* configurable, though that would be a nice addition, if somehow has the time to implement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: we talked about having some documentation templates a little last week.  Maybe Jeff might be interested in pushing something like that into that task</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue_&gt; mdiggory and mhwood .... i'd definitely be wiling to work with jeff on trying out his documentation templates for this Delegated Admins patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.  If Jeff does it all, it's going to be a big job.  The more we can help developers to provide good stuff to begin with, the better.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hmmm, I only recall the idea of templates for cataloging add-ons.  But we do need some guidelines for usage documentation too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: I'm avoiding the technological topic here... but maybe working in the wiki first would allow for rapid generation.  Link to wiki page in JIRA issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; move wiki content to docbook once it is in relatively good shape</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That's the way I often think of using wikis:  mine the good stuff for other, more settled documentation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; <a href="https://plugins.atlassian.com/plugin/details/7019">https://plugins.atlassian.com/plugin/details/7019</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Any more discussion of "delegate admin"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue_&gt; mhwood:  I don't have any other details to mention, unless there are questions from others</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; configuring the delegation of delete and withdraw privileges</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue_&gt; mdiggory:  Yes, that'd be a nice addition...if someone has time to take the lead on it, I'd encourage it....my time for most of the rest of the summer is unfortunately few and far between (so it may be a long while till I'd get to it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we commented that it should be configurable, not hardcoded, which actions could be delegated.  I'm hoping maybe we can determine if that is tractable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue_&gt; it's definitely doable...I just haven't had the time to implement, and the patch needed to be committed so that others (Andrea, etc.) could build off of it more easily</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I assume much of the changes rely on hardcoded logic that was in the legacy Collection object and delegation is replicating that hardcoded logic into Community.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; +1 on working iteratively</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue_&gt; not entirely, to be honest, some of it was based on local policy decisions made at Illinois (since we've been running this patch for over a year now)...these are the privileges we wanted to give to Community/Collection Admins</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, a nice implementation will be a sizable job.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ok, so, theres a possible iteration of work there to consider, we should get moving we have about 15 official minutes left</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If we want this meeting to run an hour, we have about 16 minutes left.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Was there more discussion of #duraspace policies?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not really IMO</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; want to finish up a breif chat on statistics</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Statistics, I want us to start working on identifying common change points in dspace-api and dspace-xxx-api/webapp for supporting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; for supportiing statistics logging.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think we have them for content views, unless I missed something.  Other events?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; for instance, Minho logs update events as Usage Events, workflow stage changes etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the existing Event API doesn't currently log until the Item is Archived</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue_&gt; mhwood:  "content views" = file downloads?  Or does "content views" = a "hit" on the item splash page?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; UsageEvent was originally conceived to be just view/downlaod events</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; UsageEvent is essentially the instrumentation points from the Rochester stat. code, made pluggable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Right now I'm "revisioning" UsageEvent a little bit in the work I'm doing, there are some issues with it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 1.) can't attach more than one "provider"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 2.) we can make this look  more like the 2.0 Services and it will be cleaner</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; i.e.  StatisticsLoggerService with an interface fireEvent(UsageEvent event)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, after I pushed it out I began to think of uses for a chain of event sinks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and have event just be an interface</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; no sorry, I mean a simple been</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; "bean"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, not bein or been, but bean</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This does bring us to a topic that started to arise in the dspace-architecture list.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We can take some of the dspace 2.0 services api and create a wrapper around the legacy plugin manager that emulates what is going on in 2.0 but against the dspace.cfg/PluginManager</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I've already prototyped it in creating the above service</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but not trying to drill down into details, just bringing up topic and suggesting we organize another meeting around it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds okay to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this leads us to another topic... dspace-architecture</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I subscribed but am not caught up -- fast and furious discussion of things the architects already understood.  Must find more hours in the day for reading.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; there was considerable chatter last week about migrating dspace 2.0 discussion to the dspace-devel list instead of having it located in a separate list, currently theres about 50 members</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and there are currently about 390 members in dspace-devel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mhwood: I'm in the opposite situation - completely up to date in -architecture, but not caught up in the other lists</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and for reference there are 1100 members in tech</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; A brief intro on "how to think about this stuff" would be really helpful if discussion is moved into -devel.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Not to squash this topic, but we have 1 minute and haven't talked about DS2/JCR issues.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm not wholly convinced it will be beneficial to consolidate the lists yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we can table that topic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; for further discussion afterwar</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; d</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mdiggory: agreed - I don't accept the suggestion that '-architecture' is some kind of back-channel. Anyone that wants to read it/participate is free to sign up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; short term move, I propose that joining -architecture is advocated on the -devel list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; my concern is that making it so folks have to identify the category of the topic in their subject heading in one central list will result in a mess because folks won't always do it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Either way there is need for some way that others can readily come up to speed on the organization and conceptual layout of 2.0.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and they will make up their own [topic]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: Yes, but its not a listserv</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its not a listserv thats going tohappen in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we need more tutorials, documentation and examples for testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If you find people writing Subject: [topic] a lot, you really have multiple lists.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or, we need an effort to consolidate those activities.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue_&gt; i think they should remain separate lists, until the 2.0 work has tutorials, documentation, etc...otherwise it will be way to confusing for folks on -devel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I need to actually fire up the copy I checked out and start tripping over things in the dark corners.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue_&gt; until the documentation for 2.0 is there, interested folks can just follow -architecture for the latest work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mhwood: there aren't any dark corners - just gaping holes where the corners are meant to be</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, the barriers to entry need to be low enough or some will just tune out.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think the proposition of consolidating the lists is to get more folks involved.  So the real question is how do we get more folks involved as the foundation funded project effort is ending</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; note: foundation funded project ending != to developers stopping work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; step 1: encourage people to join -architecture</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; step 2: repeat step 1 until we can think of a step 2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue_&gt; i think you get more folks involved by building documentation/tutorials on how to begin to "play with" the 2.0 work.....and some more advertising of the main "features" helps too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue_: grahamtriggs I agree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue_&gt; that advertising can happen on -devel, and then bring up this discussion of merging the lists....I think in the longer term they should be merged...just not yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Keeping them separate with an open invitation sounds good.  That way you get those curious enough to work it out, and don't overwhelm those who aren't yet ready.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Separate for now, joined later when it's easier to get started.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue_&gt; mhwood: exactly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this is the feedback we need to make a decision (or argument) on, thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, I need to finish up and tackle other activities this morning.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; in the longer term, they will either merge naturally, or there will be a clear need (in the community) for having separate 1.x and 2.x discussion strands</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so I propose we adjourn this meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks, everybody.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue_&gt; yep...thanks!  later, everyone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; cheers, thanks everyone who showed up :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue_ (i=80ae241d@gateway/web/freenode/x-23884c684ed368c4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@64.50.88.162.ptr.us.xo.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (n=grahamtr@82.9.75.90) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (i=mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; graham pointed out Scroll for generating docs off a wiki... looks like they have a community license model same as confluence... nice</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We offer free community licenses to community license holder of Confluence. Contact sales@k15t.com to obtain your free Scroll community license.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://www.k15t.com/scroll">http://www.k15t.com/scroll</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; cwilper: awoods bbranan what are your thoughts on confluence sharing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hmm, docBook to confluence round tripping <a href="http://sourceforge.net/projects/dita2wiki/">http://sourceforge.net/projects/dita2wiki/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; seems like a good idea to me...brad has also pointed out this would be good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; i think it requires us to think about how to deal with user management (ldap) a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; are you using ldap to manage confluence accounts?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; besides the fun technical bits of getting a shared ldap+confluence setup, let's say we had a shared install...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; yes, via crowd (gives a decent web interface to openldap, plus provides a singlesignon plugin for other atlassian products)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So my fedora confluence login works on the fedora JIRA as well then... nice</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; yeah, as much as possible, that's very nice to have.  plus it email addresses in ldap for notifications across both.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; shared install would possibly be either each project as separate space and top level a duraspace?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; right now there are quite a few spaces in the fc confluence.  like a dedicated space for "official" fedora 3.x docs, but then looser spaces for scribbling design thoughts, and various other things.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so it might not be so clean as that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; so there's the potential of multiple spaces per project, yeah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; confluence lets you have many, many spaces...there's no hierarchy on them though, it's just a flat list.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; having a project-neutral space would be nice too...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; btw, which link?  i missed to context of this: &lt;mdiggory&gt; cwilper: you still have that link I sent you... think its in your wiki now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the one that was used to configure the web based IRC client</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; ahh, ok.  well it looks like freenode's is working ok for people.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; seems like having confluence at duraspace.org/confluence or somesuch makes sense.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; the same sort of thing could potentially be done w/jira.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; it occurred to me with jira that some of the configuration would be "fun" to try to merge.  for example, custom issue types are a global (instance-wide) thing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendig21.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we should consult with Atlassian to see if duraspace can run multiple instances of confluence and jira at no cost.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendig21.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; i suspect it's possible...but multiple instances would be more work to manage.  seems like we should see how feasible a shared instance would really be.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bbranan (n=lc@9.159.121.70.cfl.res.rr.com) Quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:21]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* cwilper is talking to Douglas Butler of Atlassian</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; Ok, Douglas said having multiple instances would be no problem from a licensing perspective.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thats good to know</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@64.50.88.162.ptr.us.xo.net) Quit (Read error: 110 (Connection timed out))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (n=awoods@pool-96-255-65-4.washdc.fios.verizon.net) Quit (Read error: 113 (No route to host))</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>