<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2009-10-07
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@76.176.188.83) Quit (Read error: 131 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ is now known as mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:18]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ is now known as mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:18]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ is now known as mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ is now known as mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (n=mdiggory@76.176.188.83) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ is now known as mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@76.176.188.83) Quit (Read error: 131 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ is now known as mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-red">[freenode-connect VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (n=PircBot@fedcommsrv1.nsdlib.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 16:32:05 EDT 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (n=trig01@195.128.10.96) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (hubbard.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (i=kim@ec2-174-129-179-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (hubbard.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ChanServ (ChanServ@services.) Quit (hubbard.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (n=trig01@195.128.10.96) Quit (hubbard.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* krnl__ (i=krnl_@193.219.158.144) Quit (hubbard.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (hubbard.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ChanServ (ChanServ@services.) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (n=trig01@195.128.10.96) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (i=kim@ec2-174-129-179-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* krnl__ (i=krnl_@193.219.158.144) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-red">[freenode-connect VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (i=mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (hubbard.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (n=kevin@ip-152010148147.library.appstate.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* michaeldb (n=michaeld@CPE002436a25b34-CM000a739b087e.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (i=80ae241d@gateway/web/freenode/x-qgsenczwyrgwryds) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cwilper (i=4a2c9b5a@gateway/web/freenode/x-zwnmikeirxehfihg) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pketienne (n=petienne@lib-petienne.library.gatech.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pketienne (n=petienne@lib-petienne.library.gatech.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; Hi folks.  We are scheduled for a DSpace committer's meeting now, but several have indicated that 4 hours from now is their only possibility today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; That reinforces a trend towards just the later time, which will likely become the default unless we hear screaming from Europe :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* rrodgers (n=rrodgers@dhcp-18-111-24-120.dyn.mit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Hello - DSpace commiter IRC now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; Would be, except almost everyone has bailed until 4:00.  So I think this is the death knell for the early version of the meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Seems like it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Do we have business at 4:00?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; I'd assume there will be a little last minute 1.6 and DSUG coordination.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; K - I'll check back Thanks bradmc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; Probably won't be a good time for an issues review, as I doubt much focus.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* rrodgers (n=rrodgers@dhcp-18-111-24-120.dyn.mit.edu) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cwilper (i=4a2c9b5a@gateway/web/freenode/x-zwnmikeirxehfihg) Quit ("Page closed")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (i=80ae241d@gateway/web/freenode/x-qgsenczwyrgwryds) Quit ("Page closed")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (n=trig01@195.128.10.96) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ is now known as mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (n=grahamtr@cpc3-stev1-0-0-cust857.lutn.cable.ntl.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lcs (n=lcs@serenity.hul.harvard.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lcs (n=lcs@serenity.hul.harvard.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lcs (n=lcs@serenity.hul.harvard.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; Anybody around for a brief committer's Mtg?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* stuartlewis puts his hand up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; I suspect that a Jira review today won't fly, so we'll defer that for two weeks unless I hear objections.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; i'm here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd is semi-here, just trying to fix some stuff for Otago</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Present!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; Topics of interest?    I assume 1.6, and DSUG, what else?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; i wanted to ask why SR/W hasn't been adopted into the codebase</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; Who is for having a committer meeting next week at the same time, in a bar in Sweden?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; lcs: AFAIK no one has really pushed for it to be included.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; grahamtriggs:  I'm for having a committer meeting next week in a bar, wed evening.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Which night is conference dinner?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; lcs:  I don't know of any specific reasons.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; stuartlewis:  15th, second night (thu)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (i=80ae241d@gateway/web/freenode/x-cdmryswgtaxluxel) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Meeting web night sounds great then :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; 14th, poster session ends 7pm, so committers meal / meeting / drinks is possible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; If we hold it at about 9pm, I'll just be waking up :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; lcs: srw might be another good way of showing people how easy it is to work with dspace modules these days.. (assuming it's as easy as a quick pom edit to include in a maven build) but i would also be happy to see it in core</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; well i hope you all have a few drinks for me ;P</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think we are at a point where it would be good to try to keep things out of core unless they have to go in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; When is everyone turning up? Anyone for a dinner / drink on Tues night?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; I am, yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; OK, I'll see about looking into it.. lots of sites would probably use it if it were just available.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; lcs:  thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; yes, I'll be around Tuesday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; lcs: i suspect that too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, thanks lcs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; SRW... didn't MacKenzie have something to say about it on the lists a while ago?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I'll post a note on the crowdvine, and we can arrange something from there?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; That works for me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Hi Mark</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Have I missed much?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Just discussing inclusion of SRU/W in DSpace via a module</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; mdiggory:  DSUG casual committer's getogether Tue eve - check crowdvine;  Wed eve committer's dinner / mtg after poster session.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i'm just catching up as well...hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Hi TIm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Interest in adopting SRU/W</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; lcs looking into how to adopt SRU/W; some preference for as a module.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: theres two source trees atm... one in modules.... dspace-srw... one which Ralph Levien is maintaing on Google code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; hmm... just found one message from MacKenzie that suggests a licensing issue (GPL)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; no...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the one in modules dir removes all GLP related stuff....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; IIRC their licensing changed so it's resolved now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; there was a dependency that was GPL... not that I care</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; whats more important is dealing with management of the DSpace SRW driver code being maintained in both places atm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Do you think Ralph would be happy maintaining it our scm too?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; s/it our/it in our/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I originally invited Ralph to maintain this in dspace-sandbox.  He opted to maintaining in a more "all encompassing" space</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; How often does it change?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you'll have to check with him on that...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good example for out-of-tree modules?  What would it need to have a nice stable place to plug into DSpace?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; no what is needed is release processes that put it into the maven central repo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so that we could just grab it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; looks like he's been maintaining it on google code periodically, last change in june this year.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; true...  I have some topics I feel need addressing in the meeting above/beyond this... for the release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Presumably if we include it as a module, we can ignore it for now while we're busy getting 1.6 out the door, then get it all sorted by Christmas, and show advertise how to enable it via pom tweaking?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry, I wasn't referring to srw/u</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; stuartlewis:  That seems sensible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; one can easily create an modules/srw/pom.xml and include it themselves</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; stuartlewis: that would be fine so long as there's a documented procedure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; Are we almost ready to move to 1.6 discussion?  Mdiggory is already there ...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yes - 1.6 :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mdiggory: How are stats going? I saw lots of cool committs overnight</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry, multiple chats...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, stats are in progress.  we have testing and debugging of the dspace-xmlui-stats package in the modules directory that needs doing on the @mire side</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the dspace-solr and dspace-services integration is in place and functioning</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Anything we can do to help out?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; When do you reckon it might be ready for us to play with?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not until there is debugging done on my end with the stats.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory why's he keep asking me that ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm hoping the end of the week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but my presentation pre is suffering for it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; pre = prep</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Excellent :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mostly, the dspace-services stuff... it would be good to those working on the trunk and testing it to make sure they don't encounter startup issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the stats engine stuff is not plugged in yet, so all that is in place is a LoggingUsageEventListener</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that write log entries for usage events</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this should be coming out in the logs when you view DSO's</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; They worked  OK for me when I tried :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; And I see messages about things like the user sessions being killed etc in catalina.out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - any other outstanding features for 1.6, or can we have the feature freeze now (except for the stats)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; My other concern</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; is with recent work in the trunk...  I noticed that at the same time lcs was merging in his work on authority control.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: 54 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; i'm still tinkering with DS-285, hope to have that done today or tomorrow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm not comfortable with the shared ui overlay</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; lcs: OK. Thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; the shared ui stuff is not an overlay, it's just basic project includes like everything else uess</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if its a war pom added as a dependency to another war pom.... its an overlay</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; In this case there are a couple arguments I have for why I don;t want to promote this practice here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; it doesn't use the overlay mechanism explicitly.  does maven make it an overlay behind the scenes?   tell me another way to accomplish the same sharing, then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, it does use the maven overlay mechanism explicity</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or maybe better quialified as "implicitly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; simply by creating the dependency</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; my concern is the following. (1) it would be best to limit overlaying to the modules or addons outside the core distribution, more overlays mean more compile time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; (2) overlays  need to have a specific order of application and if that is shuffled the resulting product will different than expected, thus its best to limit using them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; to customization</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 3.) Overlays don't work wewll in Eclipse m2eclipse and some other IDE's or introduce intensive amounts of file copying when used as a dependency to the project your working on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; perhaps we should take this offline.  there has to be another way to share a sub-project between UIs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Its a good topic to try to resolve in a meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; it's unacceptable to make two copies of crucial source files and expect people to keep them in sync manuall just because the tools are weak</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; well thers one more argument I have that has little to do with tools.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This maven project only has 5 javascript files in it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I assume a majority of them are unchanged from the original library?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; there are crucial bugfixes to the original scriptaculous code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry, I did not complete a thought there...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; if the shared JS is moved to dspace-api, could the maven assembly stuff put it in the right place in the generated WARs for UIs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm concerned about introducing a bridge in the dependencies of jspui and xmlui just for some supporting presentation javascrpt files</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that introduces more complexty to the build process than the overlay mechanism itself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry, lcs, refering to moving it to dspace-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; there is also a file of utility JS shared between UIs too since it uses the common choice AJAX pproduction.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thats just javascript you wrote for the forms?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; i'm open to any solution that does not involve replicating all the common JS in two places.  The JS I wrote is for forms and submission UI elements.  think of it as in the same zone as the configurable submission UI.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Is there any harm in leaving it in for now, then post 1.6 we can see if there is a better strategy?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The overarching issue here is the continued cost of maintaining two separate UI in parity... IMO, we have reached the point where this has to cease.  Not only is it exhaustive to our development resources, it also introduces added complexity to maintaing the codebase.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; i went to some effort to share the JS to *reduce* the complexity of maintaining two UIs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stuartlewis: the problem with releasing it... is that once you have... you have to maintain it and/or provide an exit strategy from it if you no longer want to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; lcs: its a trade off, your just trading one kind of complexity for another</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; instead of the developers maintaining the exception in this case... its pushed off to the end user compiling and installing dspace..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; as a time cost for the additional overlay on two different UI wars</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So is the safer approach to make two copies for now, and we'll address it later? (with the solution perhaps even being that a UI gets dropped in a future release sometime)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and having to figure out where the files are coming form if they wish to customize or change them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; it's less safe to make two copies of the code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* stuartlewis doesn't know enough about maven to join in the discussion, and by the silence of most other people, I suspect the same is true with them?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I begin to understand, but not yet enough to speak.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; the trail of dependencies is as clear as anything in maven.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; lcs, I understand where your coming from.  but IMO its not enough of a concern in the face of creating greater build complexity.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; compile-time cost doesn't affect most end users very much; how often do they spend compiling vs. figuring out why maven is screwing htem?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; who is this 'end user' that is compiling and installing dspace? surely it is, or should be, in most cases a developer of some form. I worry that we look to take on too many complexities within the codebase, and raise the barrier for anyone that wants to go further than merely installation and configuration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Time != complexity.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: its all of us developers and our users doing installation/customization</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; The meeting needs to wind up in 10 minutes... should we offline this discussion (or postpone it until after the meeting)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; Actually, mdiggory is correct that it's a trade off.  But two copies smells really bad, and removing XMLUI this afternoon seems a little extreme (*).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Are there other topics?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bradmc: removing XMLUI?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; i had one other unpopular suggestion, going back to DS-297</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Remmoving JSPUI, you mean. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; (*) I knew I get attention with that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory ducks objection from grahamtriggs </span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; i'd like to try moving all PostgreSQL-specific files to a postgres subdirectory, like the oracle subdirectory.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; Removing either right this second seems rash.  And we haven't proposed anything that lets lcs proceed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; DS-297 - no objection from me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Thats like swatting a fly with a bazzoka</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; re Uis, well, i have already checked in the code that uses a shared war project.. not knowing it secretly uses the Evil Overlay</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; refering to removing JSPUI to solve a small amount of code duplication</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; there won't just be objections from me. I get the feeling that there a few firmly anti-XMLUI (although I'm not anti-XMLUI per se, just can't deal with it's footprint) - possibly as many as a very pro-XMLUI. The rest just drift with the flow :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; we did promise to maintain UI parity in 1.6, though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; lcs: thats why I brought it up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; So let's deal with the flow next week, better done then.  We can try again to forge a new direction.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mdiggory: I pity the bugs in your house. And your house.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* stuartlewis is lost - what are we discussing now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm not suggesting stopping the practice for 1.6, just maybe after</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Seems we are trying to moe onto DS-297</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; lcs, I think theres got to be a better solution for the SQL in the future that will properly associate it with the code that uses it...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but I'm of the opinion that in the etc directory, the build process shouldn't be "moving files around.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; DS-297: I'm happy to make a change, but at the same time, if it ain't broke.... no one runs in any problems with it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Something I've wondered about:  how much pain would it cause to take *all* the brand-specificisms out of the database code?  We have standards for a reason.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; mdiggory: but that future is well beyond 1.6.x, so for now we have to live with it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so, I assume that if they are in a postgres directory in the source tree, after the installation the will be in a ${dspace.dir}/etc/postgres directory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; mhwood: unfortunately between sequences, large strings (for metadata values), and constraints we're well out of the range of "standard" SQL</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mhwood: simple answer is that we have to rely on things that either aren't covered by standards, or the implementations don't quite follow the standards</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; yes, that's the idea, re postgres subdirectory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: we rely on experts and tools that produce tools that mediate that difference, rather than inventing our own...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; the main advantage is it makes it more obvious to oracle sites, which SQL actually gets run.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; lcs: I'll tolerate it... DS-297 that is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* bradmc steps out, noting no meeting next week, and future meetings at 20:00 GMT only.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; more obvious = better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - anyone NOT happy with the change being made for 1.6?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; mdiggory / lcs : +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I've got to run now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, Assume that is a go ahead on 297</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So - feature freeze a.s.a.p, pending stats, 297, and the last-modified xmlui stuff lcs is looking at?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; yup, will try to have it in by this friday, i have to test with postgres though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I can then burn a final live cd once I land in the UK on Saturday.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; stuartlewis: yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; See you all at DSUG.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Gotta run. Bye.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Wow, I mention ANSI SQL and everybody runs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; in terms of the javascript overlay stuff... there's really two options.  "duplicate the code" or "don't duplicate it". And we duplicate other resources like images and css files, so I do not see the issue with this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The only other option is to engineer some fancy footwork to put it inot e dspace-api jar and pull it off the classpath when requested in the JSPUI and XMLUI.  While its possible, thats yet more complexity</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; (a) those images and CSS files aren't *duplicated*, they are different evolutionary paths -- no manakin birds in the JSP ui.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; (b) the JS code is common because it relies on common logic in the dspace-api layer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we already have a policy in place to maintain parity between the UI, this is just another case of it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; it is really analogous to the input-forms stuff, which *is* shared becasue it lives in dspace-api.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'd have to review the modification more closely, if theres presentation specific stuff in dspace-api, its probibly the wrong place for it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but that is configuration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; it isn't presentation-specific, except at a very high level that says "use the suggest style" or "use the lookup style".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; javascript is presentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry I qualify... javascript run in the browser is presentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; javascript is also control logic.  welcome to the world of AJAX.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; control logic run int he browser is still part ofthe application/presentation layer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sorry, this *is* interesting, but I have to go.  'bye, all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (i=mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; well, i don't have time for a philosophical argument.. let's get back to solving the problem.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Sorry, I will try to refocus on seeing if theres a solution, rather than presenting repeasted arguments</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 1.) svn:externals would eliminate duplication, but they shouldn't be used to point at resources withinthe same svn project.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; because that will make versioning quite painful</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; an option might be to place the javascript support in the repo/modules as a separate project and put externals pointing to there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; The inadvertent-overlay solution *does* work, and as I see it your main objections are increased overhead (which i don't care enough about) and confusing ordering.. which is legit, but can be documented.  that's why I chose the static/js subdirectory, to stay out of hte way of user mods.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; still, if that code needs to change, those external may need to be readdressed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; aiee!  confusing svn tricks to make up for maven lossage?  no.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not maven lossage... maven is just making us address the issue and resolve it by convention rather than hackery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and I'll admit that svn:externals are a bit of hackery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; maven imposes its own preconceptions and limitations (which as you know, i find unreasonable).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; again, I have no issues with duplicating this little bit of code in each UI, I think it actually a more consistent approach, because if you go about having to ever alter it... your going to have to be testing it in each UI seperately.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and if there are every differing requirements that arise in each UI, then there is room for the code to be adjusted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; well... got a ton of other stuff to work on this afternoon...  lets think about this during the time being... and address it later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; testing both UIs.. that hardly happens in practice.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we have a policy of parity currently. testing in both UI's prior to release is a requirement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; fine with addressing it later, got lots to do myself.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; comments added to all the files in question would be adequate to assure that those altering "knew better"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or more specifically, "those commiting" knew better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; you *know* what happens in the real world. Nobody reads those comments.  unless every other line of source is a warning comment.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; does svn have a way to set an alarm on a file so whenever you modify it, there's a reminder to say "modify this other one too"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; no</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you can lock files, and a svn pre commit hook could be created, but thats a gastly awful idea I mention just to avoid it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; we don't use locks, anyway, so a major change to development practice seems like a poor solution.  (i'm just learning enough svn for survival.. CVS is what we use in-house, unfortunately..  i do admit svn is a big improvement.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:28]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: 54 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:42]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (n=kevin@ip-152010148147.library.appstate.edu) Quit (Remote closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (n=grahamtr@cpc3-stev1-0-0-cust857.lutn.cable.ntl.com) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (i=80ae241d@gateway/web/freenode/x-cdmryswgtaxluxel) Quit ("Page closed")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (n=kevin@adsl-227-149-169.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; Or maybe a maven based test that alerts you during the build if the files diff.  (Also yuck, but wouldn't need to run all the time).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the issue... not all the projects are always built at the same time... only during a release... this does introduce an opportunity to place something like that in the release process, which will limit it being part of everyday builds</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the release process starts in the root trunk directory and, like the license plugin, something might be written to do such a check during the maven build... but, I'm just not so sure its relevant.  what if the libraryis enhanced for one UI in ways that are not appropriate for the other?  Not to be too critical of the group, but sometimes we can make a mountain out of a mole hill.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I advise we establish more design best practicies to assist developers in understanding what is and is not a best practice</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: 54 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* michaeldb (n=michaeld@CPE002436a25b34-CM000a739b087e.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (n=kevin@adsl-227-149-169.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit ("Leaving.")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Read error: 54 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ is now known as mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>