<span class="irc-date">[1:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* krnl_ (i=krnl_@193.219.158.144) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* krnl__ (i=krnl_@193.219.158.144) Quit (Read error: 145 (Connection timed out))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (n=PircBot@fedcommsrv1.nsdlib.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 16:32:05 EDT 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-red">[freenode-connect VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ClaudiaJuergen (n=Miranda@129.217.135.102) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (n=trig01@80.169.130.178) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (n=trig01@80.169.130.178) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (n=trig01@80.169.130.178) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (i=mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* justben (n=ben@hypatia.library.emory.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (n=kevin@ip-152010148147.library.appstate.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jat_ysu (n=jeffreyt@maag127.maag.ysu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* michaeldb (n=michaeld@CPE002436a25b34-CM000a739b087e.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ClaudiaJuergen (n=Miranda@129.217.135.102) Quit ("Miranda IM! Smaller, Faster, Easier. <a href="http://miranda-im.org")">http://miranda-im.org")</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (n=trig01@80.169.130.178) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (n=grahamtr@cpc3-stev1-0-0-cust857.lutn.cable.ntl.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lcs (n=lcs@serenity.hul.harvard.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; DSpace meeting due to start in 2 mins - Brad is on the road today, so any volunteers to drive? If not, I can do so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; exit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; stuartlewis: you've scared jeff off already ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; LOL..sorry</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; I was at my unix prompt</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; heh yeah guessed as much</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - topics for meeting?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; I don't drive...it's too haaard...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Documentation questions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; 1.6 stats update + plan for further UI work, if the right people show up?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; yes.. that impacts my questions too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@64.50.88.162.ptr.us.xo.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* rrodgers (n=rrodgers@dhcp-18-111-1-240.dyn.mit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; looks like the right people just showed up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; oh wait... next time I join under an alias ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; heh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - shall we start with an update on stats, then run through documentation issues, then conclude with AOB?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; &lt;==on the run in 30 min.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Topics?  Jason Fowler's dspace-tech question about HTML5</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - we'll add that to AOB</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; i have an improvement to RSS feeds to discuss if there's time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Mark: Can you give us an update on stats? An ETA for completion, and if we can help out at all?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry, phone call, can you rearange the order slightly?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - doc questions?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Rough documentation?  (what goes where and gets configured how)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Installation for 1.6 and more important updating to 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Other than Oracle scrips I am aware of...will solr be a separate install?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; true - has anyone tackled update scripts, etc?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; yes..postgresq scripts too...Larry did some work, right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; i did a bit of tidying and commenting on the Oracle update but it still needs some messy manual steps.  i can help doc and test.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Do we have a firm idea of what schema changes will go in?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* justben (n=ben@hypatia.library.emory.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; I'd like to write some of it now, but I can hold off until last minute and we do some testing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; messy manual steps?  **shudders**</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; solr is just another webapp like any other. Deployed by copying it to [tomcat]/webapps/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; the change to explicitly naming the constraints is "hard" in Oracle.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; The current install has been revised on my server.  Please look it over.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Will solr be integrated into the dspace mvn / ant process?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; jat_ysu: Looking good - I like the addition of the little icons etc - looks a lot more professional :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; I added the different types of unpacking the software....there are three....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; jat_ysu: Yes - solr just pops out the end of the mvn/ant process in the [dspace]/webapps directory like jspui / xmlui / oai etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Perfect.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; jat_ysu: ch03.html still has the line "Go to [dspace-source]/dspace/etc/oracle and copy the contents to their parent directory, overwriting the versions in the parent" that i removed in the svn version of the xml source, do you still have to merge that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Then install is really good to go.  It will be UPDATE that will need the most amount of work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; lcs:  That was my oops....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Send me an email to remind me to remove it.  I might have clobbered your edit in SVN.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; ok, it's all in changeset 4427 in svn</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; oky</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; So we have update to deal with.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; you can just get the changes with svn diff and re-patch your working copies.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; I want one other issue that I need your thinking caps for</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; The majority of update can be worked out by comparing dspace.cfg from 1.5.2 and 1.6, and the same for config directory contents.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; What is our recommendation these days? That users start with a new dspace.cfg and put their old values in it, or that they upgrade their current dspace.cfg?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Yes, you're right, and I'm keeping a list of those as I edit the configuration.xml file</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; IMHO I've always edited my existing dspace.cfg except when I migrated servers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, I am back now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; I'd like to separate out from the Application Layer chapter, all of the "stuff: from section 9.3 into their own chapter.  So what do you call all the indiviation parts that run on command?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I believe the latest recommendation was to import old values into a clean new config.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; I suspect it would be easier for most admins to see a breakdown of what's changed in the config properties.. they may see it as black magic and not want to build a new one from scratch.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; mhwood;  I did that once, and it clobbered my existing stuff..I mean clobbered.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, solr is both created as a solr directory with configuration by the ant install and the war is packaged and deployed into the webapps directory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; mdiggory:  great.  I don't have to worry about update then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Do you have any preliminary documentation on solr that I should start to work into the documentation yet?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; well, it would be good to probably add such details to the installation / upgrade documentation which refers to directories that are created</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I a way solr is self contained, so doesn't need much in the way of documentation. It comes preconfigured etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; In*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Okay......could you send those to me when you are ready?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think we will eventually want to document details such as EventServices and dspace-services and how to configure them via the spring applicationContext files</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Are you wanting them included in the final 1.6 documentation or in a later version?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, please.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; jat_ysu: do you have a format you would prefer such documentation to be in? (other than hand edited docbook shudder)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Either word, wordperfect or text is fine.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok... good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Word will allow you to bold or italicize something you wish to be of note.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'll get out my ancient copy of Workperfect ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Dont make fun of me...I'm a WP fan.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I didn't even realize it was still around ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; But then again, I'm starting to write other things in docbook now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; AGH!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Great I've got Install/Update and solr answers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; One more thing and I'm on the run.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Would anyone have a problem with pulling all the "stuff" from section 9.3+ and making its own chapter called "Application Programs"?  It would show how to do batch import/export, etc.  how to set them up.  All the details of how some component works.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; No - sounds fine.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; good.  Done.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; fine by me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds like good organization.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Very good all.  I've got to run and see my personal trainer from hell.  Wish I could stay.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Thanks jat_ysu</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think there should be a strong separation btween "application CLI" and te rest of the doc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; mdiggory..strong as how do you mean?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory thinks "circular file"... but says chapter is good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; chapter is good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; okay.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, many many thanks jat_ysu</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; don't thank...buy Alcohol.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; LOL</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jat_ysu (n=jeffreyt@maag127.maag.ysu.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; [crickets]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; *tumbleweed*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; re solr, are there any differences on an Oracle site, or is it important to test on one?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory too many chat windows open at once...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK: mdiggory: Can you give us an update on stats? An ETA for completion, and if we can help out at all?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* justben (n=ben@hypatia.library.emory.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; lcs: no, it doesn't deal at all with the db</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* justben (n=ben@hypatia.library.emory.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ok, well you pinged me eariler about the idea of providing presentation first for the XMLUI in 1.6.0 and then later for JSPUI in 1.6.1 how do others feel about that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; mdiggory: good, i don't have to worry about testing it explicitly here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; right now the implementation in XMLUI of the presentation is an aspect included into those Community, Collection and Item views.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i've been testing out the 'views' surfacing in XMLUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Selfishly:  if one has to slip, let it be JSP.  But I dunno how the rest of the Installed Base will see that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; I have mixed feelings - officially I thought 1.6 sought UI parity</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; At DSUG we chatted about if statistics should be on a separate page.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; looks good... was wondering if i can help work on other events, on JSPUI etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yes - if tie becomes an issue, was can only release the 'viewing' of stats in xmlui, but have jspui and xmlui recording stats in solr. We can then release viewing of stats in jspui in 1.6.1. Thoughts?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; time*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: some people may expect some generic 'reports' on seperate pages</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; ;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kshepherd: if you want to tag team on the views in JSPUI and XMLUI, I would find that very good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mdiggory: Do you reckon a few of us could gang together and get jspui done quite quickly?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ok, cool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That's some of the discussion I could never get started:  what do we do with all the numbers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stuartlewis: I suspect that we could</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mdiggory: What is the ETA on xmlui stats?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mdiggory: Is the colelctioning part of the stats completed now, is it just UI work to be done, or is there more work in collecting stats that needs doing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; collecting*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; depends on how adventurous we get. The current strategy is hardcoded in the aspect transformer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd needs to take a closer look under the hood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I had ideas that the StatisticsDisplays could be configurable in the spring applicatioContext... but that is not yet implmented</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Not too adventurous - we're getting short on time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* michaeldb (n=michaeld@CPE002436a25b34-CM000a739b087e.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if time is an issue, this can always be an enhancement for version 1.6.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe defer to a broader "making more use of Spring" effort in 1.6.x?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but ultimately the JSPUI detail is possibly more critical having a team discussion and attack on it would more than likely get things done opn both JSPUI and XMLUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Or jump to a 1.7 once we clear up any issues with a 1.6.1? Try to stay a bit more agile?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the work left in XMLUI is (1) move statistics to separate page (2) externalize/internationalize labels (3) decide which reports are relevant important</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; agile isn't about doing things faster :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; in JSPUI we need (1) some transformation of the StatistiDisplay data model to html</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; (2) similar externalization</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its about getting out of the way faster (ducks)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; grahamtriggs: No, but by moving to a 1.7, we can make more architectural changes without having to wait a whole year to make them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think we need more input from the broader community as to what reports would be relevant.  Talk about the raw capabilities of the new stuff and try to find out what people are thinking when they say, "statistics."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ok, i'll start having a look at the JSPUI side soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: I agree... and that will come as configuration is made more flexible as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yeah - too late for too much consultation now. Get some basic stats out, then improve them based on feedback in subsequent versions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mhwood: yeah, that's kinda been the problem from the beginning ;) but in some ways, people may not know what they want until they see an example of what is possible in front of them.. perhaps that is what this release can do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I agree we need to make some big changes quickly after 1.6, rather than trickle out bug fixes. But that's a matter best left until after we've got 1.6 out of the way before discussing (don't want/need to take energy away from 1.6)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; On last other item has to do with trolling the logs and populaitng the Solr Logs with past UsageEvents.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ah yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This I've not tried yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; kshpepherd: OK - I'll join in with you (jspui stats). Any other volunteers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i thought a dspace log -&gt; eventusage xml converter would be handy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; or something similar</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It will be essential, I think, for sites (raises hand) that already have statistics by Other Means.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; it would be good to have an API to add historical events from random soruces (like the logs i've been keeping)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We don't want to explain why our counters ran backward.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; indeed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; lcs (random sources) ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; and i don't think we've been able to address the 'retroactive handling of spider IPs we discover later' issue in these stats</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mdiggory: Is this something you need to do, or could it be done by anyone?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Spiders, ugh, exactly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; which means if a significant % of views are discovered to be spiders, people may want to reimport from logs again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; random sources == site-specific or custom stand-in for logging</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stuartlewis: I envision it as the following (1) get the code out of the legacy statistics / reporting implementation that trolls the dspace log</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; (2) wire it into the SolrLogger instead to issue writes tot he Solr server.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but (2) needs to be done correctly to be effient</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; efficient</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I.E. multiple solr documents appended in one request</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - I'm happy to look at that if you want?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that would be helpful, perhaps we can plan out a secondary meeting in IRC to dig through these details/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - we can chat about that and jspui later today if that suits?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Can we give ourselves a target for stats completion? 2 weeks?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, after I've eaten something...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so, we never did an alpha release... that is also something to factor in...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Holiday season will become an issue for alpha/beta public stuff...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; true... but at least its not a "conference deadline" that would be pushing us....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Testathon at mid Nov, release end nov to mid dec?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I really think we need to start doing something automated for testahon that will make things easier on testers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; We can celebrate release with a mince pie and turkey dinner!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; stuartlewis: no beta?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; mdiggory: I think that's called a test suite :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; :-) why yes, it is ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Depends what the testaton throws up I suppose, and if any bug fixes will require a big regression test. Getting people to participate in testathons hasn't been so successful recently :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I was just thinking if someone could setup a JMeter test script or something that could be pointed at a test site and run</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Our developer is writing some JMeter scripts at the moment to try and help us find db connection leaks in xmlui.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So, who in the community is good at building tests?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; we have done some Selenium work along those lines..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; though I suspect there are some features of sequences that may or may not make tht more difficult than just recording clicks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Shall we put a call out?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stuartlewis: sounds like your "developer" might be an ideal candidate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I'll ask - not sure if the scripts she is writing (to just hammer it hard in certain places) will provide the coverage we're after. But I'll ask.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Selenium sounds interesting as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe several groups can test different aspects, and we can integrate on one platform after there's more experience?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; An initial starting point would be more important than full test coverage.... having a starting point means others can contribute paths to get fuller test coverage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; it would be an excellent community exercise.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Contribute to testing to do way with human driven testathons...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Is there anyone who fancies driving this, and gathering effort from the community?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; use selenium or JMeter to generate test paths and contribute them to a JIRA ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; That's a good start</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Someone create a category in JIRA for testing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stuartlewis: can you get your developer to start pushing anything they are doing into a JIRA ticket? They don't ahve to drive things... just make the work you already have them doing transparent</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Ok - I'll ask</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; rrodgers: do you already have any Selenium tests that can be added?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; mdiggory: I think so, but I've got to dust them off...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; In the sense of requalifying them for 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sounds like a start. rather than assigning czar status to someone, maybe lets just see if we can get a few examples up in JIRA to talk about next week?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; How will we manage them in JIRA?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Will the issue stay open for ever?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Would a wiki page be better?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; sounds like you are confusing it with the sourceforge tracker :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe close the issue when a good set is worked out, and let further contributions be individual?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; it would be easier to find on the wiki.  at the very least there oughtt o be a wiki page pointing to jira</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; No, the issue should be to create a test suite space for 1.6, and the test would be committed to trunk once we felt we have some agreement for moving forward</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if that conflates release and testing too closely, then place them in modules or something</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Will we have time for that in 1.6? Maybe better to keep it informal in the wiki for this release?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; + we know people interact with the wiki better at present than with JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; whatever works</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It sounds like 1.6.x will be an environment for test development?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - we've gone over the hour now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Any other topics for discussion?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; how slushy is the code freeze?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; HTML5?  Especially the audio/video stuff.  We need something in that area anyway.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; I have a patch that merges all the code to generate RSS/ATOM feeds from OpenSearch and the browse-type feeds and adds configurable addition of explicit DC elements in feed items</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; lcs: Depends ;)   What do you want to add?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; lcs: Is it in JIRA to look at?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hm... can we review ti a bit first?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; i'll put it up, haven't finished the JSPUI part but i'll hold off for now (ran out of time anyway)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; HTML5: Open a JIRA issue to allow for discussion?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Why not?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; html5: also post to dspace-tech at least for wider exposure, directing them to JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; rrodgers: Why not what?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; stuartlewis: sorry I meant +1 JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK. I'll open that after the meeting then, and post to dspace-dev/-tech</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Any other business?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; I'm looking for volunteers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; to help test a Google SEO</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; actually Google Scholar</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; What does it involve?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; rrodgers: i'd like to know more at least</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; They reached out to us to start using a 'microformat' in HTML head tags</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; anything that improves the current html head abuse going on would be a plus</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; They appear in simple &amp; fill Item page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; full -&gt; fill</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; slushy code freezes - I had a request to integrate the (optional) submission step so that users could enter a PubMed ID and have the metadata prefilled</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; grahamtriggs: Sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Anyway, we want to validate that we have the mapping logic flexible enough for different colleciton types</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: if its just an option... that seems like a good patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; grahamtriggs: is that a whole step or just a new data type?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; whole step</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Any other business? Or shall we close the meeting now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Feel feee to continue informally afterwards</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I need to run now either way.  Thanks all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - meeting over. As ever, thank you for your time. Same time, same place, same channel, next week! Bye :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (i=mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; hmmm.... shouldn't we move it to 9pm GMT next week?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Must go also - thanks all and let me know if you want the Google patch (XMLUI only ATM)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* rrodgers (n=rrodgers@dhcp-18-111-1-240.dyn.mit.edu) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; grahamtriggs: Why?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; grahamtriggs: could it be implemented as a data type in the Describe step, though?  i need to look at something similar with DOI lookups, eventually.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; because the clocks have gone back here, and will have gone back elsewhere. Effectively, this meeting is an hour earlier for me than it was last week, and the same will be true of the Americans</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - I'm easy with that change - will be 10am for us rather than 9am.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; lcs: not really. it needs to perform *before* the describe steps - or at least, it needs to be presented as a distinct page before any other metadata pages</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; and DOI is a waste of time - we have it, but the amount / quality of metadata you can retrieve is fairly pointless</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: We have similar needs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I.E. form with criteria for a search... then prepopulation of item metadata afterward based on those results</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; whatever is in back of the search for us would vary by usecase</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; might even be against existing DSpace content</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; it is tempting to do that with AJAX in a Describe page too, but that would be nasty.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I want to be able to "assemble" functionality in individual units/steps so that we can repurpose.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; grahamtriggs: yeah, i looked at a DOI lookup tool before i realised there was no standard way journals were presenting their metadata anyway..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I also am wary of depending on AJAX for functionality such as prepopulation of form fields</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; the crossref.org site is fairly useful in the other direction, finding DOIs for author/title, but i haven't tried mining it for metadata.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, grabbing a bite to eat and back to work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; l'll be lurking</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (n=kevin@ip-152010148147.library.appstate.edu) Quit ("Leaving.")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (n=grahamtr@cpc3-stev1-0-0-cust857.lutn.cable.ntl.com) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lcs (n=lcs@serenity.hul.harvard.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@64.50.88.162.ptr.us.xo.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (n=kevin@adsl-21-143-19.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (n=bradmc@rrcs-208-125-23-18.nyc.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@rrcs-208-125-23-18.nyc.biz.rr.com) Quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc_ (n=bradmc@rrcs-208-125-23-18.nyc.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc_ is now known as bradmc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (n=kevin@adsl-21-143-19.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit ("Leaving.")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc_ (n=bradmc@rrcs-208-125-23-18.nyc.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@rrcs-208-125-23-18.nyc.biz.rr.com) Quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc_ is now known as bradmc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@rrcs-208-125-23-18.nyc.biz.rr.com) Quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (n=bradmc@rrcs-208-125-23-18.nyc.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@rrcs-208-125-23-18.nyc.biz.rr.com) Quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (n=bradmc@208.125.23.18) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@208.125.23.18) Quit (Read error: 131 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc_ (n=bradmc@rrcs-208-125-23-18.nyc.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc_ is now known as bradmc</span><br />
