<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2009-11-11
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[4:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (n=PircBot@fedcommsrv1.nsdlib.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 16:32:05 EDT 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:08]</span> <span class="irc-red">[freenode-connect VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (i=mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (n=tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (n=bradmc@12.158.249.5) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* justben (n=ben@hypatia.library.emory.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (n=kevin@ip-152010148147.library.appstate.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (n=tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: 54 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (n=tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (n=tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (n=tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@12.158.249.5) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (n=bradmc@12.158.249.5) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@12.158.249.5) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* justben (n=ben@hypatia.library.emory.edu) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Dan_Davis (i=43f11873@gateway/web/freenode/x-rrsksdwusnwmngqi) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (i=kim@ec2-174-129-179-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (i=mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* krnl__ (i=krnl_@193.219.158.144) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ChanServ (ChanServ@services.) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tjohnson (n=chatzill@67.171.28.159) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* greg-g (i=greg@ubuntu/member/greg-g) Quit ("Reconnecting")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (n=tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tjohnson (n=chatzill@67.171.28.159) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ChanServ (ChanServ@services.) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (n=tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* greg-g (i=greg@ubuntu/member/greg-g) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ysu_jat (n=jeffreyt@pool-70-17-173-55.pitt.east.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cbeer (n=cbeer@146.115.109.46) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* justben (n=ben@hypatia.library.emory.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (i=mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Dan_Davis (i=43f11873@gateway/web/freenode/x-rrsksdwusnwmngqi) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* krnl__ (i=krnl_@193.219.158.144) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (i=kim@ec2-174-129-179-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (i=kim@ec2-174-129-179-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepher1 (i=kim@ec2-174-129-179-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepher1 is now known as kshepherd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all.  We have a DSpace Developers meeting coming up in about 5 mins.  bradmc is out of town at DLF, so I'll be heading things today.  Any topics for today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Is markdiggory still @ DLF too?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Cutting a 1.6 testathon release is now just dependent on stats.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, i think markdiggory is also at DLF...it just started today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, talking about stats could be tough without markdiggory :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Aye :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ysu_jat&gt; And DLF is in LA...warm weather...nice beaches.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Kim and I have a topic - a CSS hack for download icons to be included by default in 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Are we going to have a 15min JIRA clean?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i was just going to suggest a jira clean as well :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd also like to talk briefly about the idea of holding "Special Topic" meetings (came up after the meeting last weds): <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Special_Topics">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Special_Topics</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we can start with Jira though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis: would you be willing to post Jira issues, and I can summarize after voting?   let me load things up here and we can get started in about a minute or so</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (n=grahamtr@cpc3-stev1-0-0-cust857.lutn.cable.ntl.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?sorter/field=issuekey&amp;sorter/order=DESC">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?sorter/field=issuekey&amp;sorter/order=DESC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Looking up where we got to last time...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it's here, actually: <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Developer_Meetings#Last_Issue_Reviewed">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Developer_Meetings#Last_Issue_Reviewed</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I've been doing some wiki cleaning this week, and added an easy reference :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; are we all about ready to get started with a Jira Review?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK: URL of list is <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;&amp;pid=10020&amp;resolution=-1&amp;created%3Aprevious=-4w&amp;status=1&amp;assigneeSelect=unassigned&amp;sorter/field=created&amp;sorter/order=ASC">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;&amp;pid=10020&amp;resolution=-1&amp;created%3Aprevious=-4w&amp;status=1&amp;assigneeSelect=unassigned&amp;sorter/field=created&amp;sorter/order=ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Starting with <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-355">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-355</a> Metadata label is not displayed in user's selected language</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, that looks correct.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Happy for us to assign it to you Tim?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; (or were you refering to the list looking correct?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i meant, DS-355 is the first one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-355: 0 (is my vote)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Ah right :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* miami (i=863519db@gateway/web/freenode/x-unvwbjguckgkxxzj) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; This just needs someone to test. Shall I ask Claudia to take a look next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-355: 0  - have claudia look at</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-357">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-357</a> Handleplugin.java is not able to handle non-numeric handles</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; ysu_jat: Do you have any additional info that could be added to the issue, such as stack traces?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ysu_jat&gt; No..it was not traceable--I looked at tons of stack traces.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 0 - may need some further testing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ysu_jat&gt; It was Jane Euler at CNRI who remembered this was a problem for DSpace.  It seems that CAPITAL (UPPERCASE) letters worked.  ANd I've seen them work on live DSpace installations.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ysu_jat&gt; We requested a second handle of 1989.eres and found it didn't work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ysu_jat&gt; Looked at tons of logs, nothing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, that's over a minute.  additional minute of discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ysu_jat&gt; Did see the java handler code in dspace make mention of the problem.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - 0: leave open for post 1.6?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; this sounds like something we should fix.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ysu_jat&gt; That's find with me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, after 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1 post 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-357:  1, post 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-358">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-358</a>   Discuss implications of HTML5 for DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Unfortunately despite opening this, al discussion has occurred on the DSpace lists :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 0 - I'd suggest adding this topic for a "Special Topic" meeting (which we will discuss later)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I'll try to find 5 mins to copy the emails into JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cbeer (n=cbeer@146.115.109.46) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ysu_jat&gt; 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-358 summary:  0, stuart will copy in related emails...schedule for special topic meeting?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-362">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-362</a>  Alphabetization broken in author browse; disregards spaces?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Close: not an issue in an out-the-box 1.6. Not sure of the cause though, maybe db collation like Claudia says?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; close seems right...if others have same issue, or we can get more info, we can reopen later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ysu_jat&gt; could it be manakin related and not jspui?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; 0, haven't tested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; AFAIK they use the same browse code, so UI-independant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Test here: <a href="http://testathon.net/xmlui/handle/123456789/65/browse?type=author&amp;submit_browse=Author">http://testathon.net/xmlui/handle/123456789/65/browse?type=author&amp;submit_browse=Author</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; (using same data)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I wonder if it could be a setting in config. browse?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ysu_jat&gt; Yeah, I think a recheck of that and a new index-init would be warranted before accusing the browse to be broken.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; or maybe not.   I can followup with Dorothea on this one to see if she's found a solution, or reindexed it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-362 - 0 : leave open for now...Tim will followup with Dorothea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-365">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-365</a>  New DSpace OAI-PMH Harvester doesn't support OAI gateways that do not use "sets"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1 - any volunteers? Suspect it is a pretty small patch.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep i told mark i'd do that one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; just couldn't find the patch i already made when i was tseting it months ago</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; +1, kim will fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-365: +2 - assign to kshepherd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-366">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-366</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; ora-00942 when running ant fresh install and no metadata saved when submitting a naew item</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; There was some extra info sent about this to dspace-tech IIRC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Need to paste that into the issue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Any Oracle users here who could test a fresh install for us?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; 0, i can't test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 0, i can't test either, no oracle</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 0 no Oracle here either</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Could ask Larry to test? IIRC he uses Oracle</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-366: 0 - need to find an Oracle user to test.  Maybe assign to Larry?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-367">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-367</a>  processing of Authentication methods is independent of the chosen Login method (when multiple are available)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1, leave until 1.7 (or whatever follows 1.6)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 - after 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; +1, comments make sense</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-367: +4, mark for after 1.6 release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-368">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-368</a>   Create a java replacement for make-handle-config</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; This was opened after last week's JIRA meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1, post 1.6 unless we have a volunteer?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 post 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; +1 post 1.6 pending volunteer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (didn't larry say he'd look into this last week?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-368: +4, waiting for volunteer (Larry?), likely post 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-371">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-371</a>   Maven package should be improved</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; -1 "won't fix" although I sometimes share the frustration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; -1 no clear alternative</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; agreed, -1 won't fix  - maybe better "best practices" could be of help?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; -1 won't fix, no alternatives suggested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-371: -4, mark won't fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-374">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-374</a>   RSS/Atom feeds return too few Items when restricted items are excluded</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1, unless a volunteer, 1.6.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@12.158.249.5) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; +1, looks like an easy fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-374: +4 - needs a volunteer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yeah - I rememebr fixing it for OAI-PMH as it broke the calculation of resumption tokens</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Last one...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-375">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-375</a> [Dspace 1.5.2] Russian translation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1 leave open for response from submitter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 - looks like claudia is already handling this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1 if missing messages addressed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-375: +3, assign to claudia, waiting for response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; wow...that's it.  we're caught up!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Hello, Live from DLF... anyone interested in talking about "Innovation!"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Excellent :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory ducks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and, I noticed mdiggory joined us</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; sorry, on a conference call, might be slow to respond</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mdiggory: Got 5 mins for a stats update?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; It'd take about 1 minute....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1 minute...go!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Answer... Mark needs to get busy still on doing the things he talked about last week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-red">[freenode-connect VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; got a patch to commit and CLI services to debug...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Timescale?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; now that its back on my radar... I'll push those in when the meeting get boring...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; And do you feel we could go to testathon without stats 100% finished?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stuartlewis: if your updates on log trolling and kshepherds JSPUI antics are getting in there...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; won't be long for jspui now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lcs (n=chatzill@pool-72-93-191-180.bstnma.east.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, we ned tog et busy on testathon... what is the timeframe for running a testaton... how long... how many cycles prior to release?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; (kshepherd has the mechanics working, and a demo which sits on the same page as the item, but needs to move it to a separate page to copy the xmlui)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry, need to read before hitting return</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 1 or 2 cycles - depends what the first turns up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I'd *really* like to launch before Christmas if possible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Maybe first testathon last whol week of November? 11 days away - 23rd--&gt;27th</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis: +1 .... though, I also think stats should be in *some* sort of test cycle :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stuartlewis: running a testathon implies running the release process... which will include either my pushing artifacts to the maven repo... or my getting Alex to setup the appropriate account for you to do so....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Is 11 days enough to get stats 95% finished?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis: that's thanksgiving for those in the USA...may not get as many folks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; lcs: none of us use Oracle, are you able to test <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-366?">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-366?</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - thats good to know.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* miami (i=863519db@gateway/web/freenode/x-unvwbjguckgkxxzj) Quit ("Page closed")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I'm away a lot of December (summer hols here)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stuartlewis: I'll add in that we are about to take over root control of the svn repo server.... and that I plan migrating all the DSpace maven repo there... that implies user accounts being managed there instead, which might be easier...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-christel- [Global Notice] Hi all, due to the memleak issues we are experiencing with hyperion (our ircd) we will be taking a handful of servers out of rotation for the production network in order to utilise them to better test our new ircd; ircd-seven. Affected users will be notified seperately. Apologies for the inconvenience.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Now would be a good time to ask for a volunteer for backup release co-ordinator which we traditionally have :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue (crickets)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; kshepherd: I will take a look at ds-366, at least try it for 1.6.  i can only test macos or linux for host OS, but that shouldn't matter.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So what, specifically, does a release coordinator do?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Any volunteers? (as I'll be away for half of December which will be a busy period for 1.6)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mhwood: You make it up as you go along (at least that's what I've been doing!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Mainly co-ordination</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; there's old docs at: <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/ReleaseCoordinating">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/ReleaseCoordinating</a> (may be out of date though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; But when it comes to cutting the actual releases, we'll be relying on lots of help from markdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, sorry... its going on lunch break here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/ReleaseProcedure">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/ReleaseProcedure</a> looks useful too :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, actually that looks more up to date</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we do need to make what stuartlewis just said a non-issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its not "that big" a process to do the maven portions of the release... and some of you should get more used to doing it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So, any volunteers? Timewise, it just takes up as much or as little time as you want to dedicate to it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: are you interested and/or would you have the time?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hmmm, reference to SourceForge....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, the wiki needs some *major* cleaning in these areas...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the bottleneck at the moment is the user account access to write to the maven repo... not the release process not being documented...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; going to get link....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/ReleaseProcedure">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/ReleaseProcedure</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and any time there are hickups or need to further detailing, we should be added to this page.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well, if no one else wants to volunteer, I could probably chip in some time.  I'll be out for at least 1 week in mid Dec though (week of Dec 14), so I may not be much better than stuartlewis :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Thanks Tim :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm usually out the last half of December (but not cut off from the 'net).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes we are coming up on quarter till</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ysu_jat&gt; Doesn't anyone work in December?!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I will be available and can assist when needed... I may volunteer for a future RM role on one of the next releases... but this one, I think its healthier for another to pick up the process and try itout</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Kim and I have a proposal.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; We want to make 1.6 look slightly different (so users know they have updated)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; And one easy way of doing this, and making a lot of people happy, is to enable icons for filetypes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory stomach is grumbling...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Kim has a nice way of doing this via rules in CSS.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Anyone have any thoughts on this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ysu_jat&gt; +10000</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds interesting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ysu_jat&gt; Excellent idea.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; This is something lots of people have done already.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 - do we have icons we can distribute legally?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; How would it play with the customizations most sites do to the UI(s)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; But by doing it in CSS, it requires *no* code changes, so is easy for people to turn off.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ysu_jat&gt; Icons should be easily available without any copyright issues.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; look slightly diffferent? How about a better reference theme for XMLUI... or maybe a page in JSPUI/XMLUI to contain release details and other types of interesting links to interact with the community?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; +1 on the concept - see dash.harvard.edu for my version of it, for that matter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it's like that's a resounding "yes" all around</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mdiggory: All good ideas, but we're hitting time problems now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood has been meaning to figure out how to burn the version into the .wars automagically so it can be exposed in the UIs....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; this would just be a change to teh stock css with the themes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: i agree as well..but, better left for after 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; it would be very useful to have a META tag in the generated HTML identifying the DSpace version.  I've done that for our local CVS release tags.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; CSS looks something like:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: i also found a few typos and missing lines from the Classic theme CSS which should help a few things :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; a[href*=".pdf?sequence"] {</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; background: url(<a href="http://www.otago.ac.nz/gfx/icons/pdf.gif)">http://www.otago.ac.nz/gfx/icons/pdf.gif)</a> no-repeat top left; padding: 0.2em 0 0.2em 2.0em;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; }</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; lcs +!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; table widths, ul/li icons, etc..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; lcs: very good idea, +99</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; updating the look is a great too, but there are many times I look at another site's DSpace and wonder what version is behind it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Ok - so two proposals here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; lcs: +1 as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 1) Meta head tag for version</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 2) CSS hack for icons</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Should we vote?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; 3) typo/misc fixes to classic theme (xmlui) css</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; My only worry for version is if vulnerabilities are defined, it allows you to find the ones with the holes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; maybe something like that would allow us to also use something like google indexing to detect existing dspace instances in the wild...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; stuartlewis: malicious users/bots just "try" exloits on whatever servers they find anyway, i guarantee</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; s/defined/found</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; when there are vulnerabilities, the script kiddies just carpet-bomb all sites.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; exactly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Ok - ignore that worry then :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So - shall we vote:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; (1): version in head meta tag</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ysu_jat&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Ok - I'll open a new issue. Any volunteers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; i'll do it for xmlui, and take a shot at jspui (tho i'd appreciate help there)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; lcs: Thanks :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; One the mechanisms is in place, we can do the jspui quickly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; (2) CSS hack to include icons out-the-box</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ysu_jat&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; (icons can be stored in shared UI module?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - I'll open a new issue. kshepherd: Happy for it to be assigned to you?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; might need some quick investigation into public domain gif icons for the common file types</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep, assign to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Thanks :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ysu_jat&gt; I'll help with the icons</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; (3) Kim - can you explain?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If no icon for type X, empty or generic "document" or ???</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ysu_jat&gt; no icon should be the box with a ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mhwood: good question, perhaps we can list our preferences on the JIRA issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i'd say, put a generic "document" icon next to it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; if i were a repo manager, I wouldn't want my repo to be peppered with ? icons :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Need to document well where the icons go, so sites can add their own.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i would prefer blank document icon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood +1   - docs should come along with this update</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mhwood: yes, i had thought theme images dir, but on second thoughts taht might be inefficient</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; here are teh examples in practice, btw</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="http://ourarchive.otago.ac.nz/handle/10523/128">http://ourarchive.otago.ac.nz/handle/10523/128</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; images dir is appropriate and allows sites to override images</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; by changing theme</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; What about the shared UI module?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; it makes it so obvious that it's a file download that stuart and i were also thinking the View column is starting to look redundant in the xmlui file listing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; which points at my concern....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; which statement concerns you?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; XMLUI would want files in the correct location to be overridable... static directory rather subverts the theming process</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; my assumption was that images dir was best, even if it means we have some extra copies of the gifs (which are of course tiny)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; for some reason re-using gif icons doesn't seem as bad to me as reusing code ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd has another phone meeting now, semi-here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; reusing gif icons doesn't seem that bad...i wouldn't be against duplicating them in JSPUI &amp; XMLUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; we already duplicate them now, and even i don't object</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Ok - I'll summarise this in the new JIRA issue, and we can comment further in the issue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I do however, see that the "base" share-ui solution as having its advantages... using maven overlay for branding is tollerable as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There was an open question about (3).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; (3) can be dealt with using a new JIRA issue I think, if kshepherd is in a another meeting now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; IIRC he just had some fixes for the classic theme.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and it suggests a possibility of having the same overlay strategy for branding both JSPUI and XMLUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I also need to take advantage of lunch...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks for dropping in!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so, I'll be online this afternoon... feel free to ping me on things...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; have a good DLF</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; cheers, I will.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, have we resolved this?  #3 will have an issue opened for further discussion?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is (2) to the point that it would be appropriate to vote on the principle?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'll open anotehr jira issue, sorry, trying to do too many things at once ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (also, we are obviously over time...so, if people need to head off, feel free.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Principle of where to store them, or principle of how to implement?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Where to store can be worked out.  The vote would seem to be, do this at all?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; kshepherd: have a look at how the authority-confidence icons are done, also thorugh CSS, in the Reference theme in XMLUI.. it would probably be good if the implementations are similar, i'm happy to take whichever is best</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ok will do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mhwood: I thought we all voted +1 for (2)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think we already voted on the concept of #2 - CSS hack for file icons...we had +6 in approval</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; lcs: just uses a regex like a[href*=".pdf?sequence"] at present</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; You are right.  I didn't scroll back far enough.  Sorry for the noise.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no problem :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'll upload a patch and we can comment further on JIRA re: where to put them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I know we are ove time, but I wanted to point out the writeup of last week's "Special Topic" meetings proposal:  <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Special_Topics">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Special_Topics</a>   - If people approve of this, I'd like to see if we could start holding Special Topic meetings in either Dec or Jan (possibly Jan, with how busy Dec seems)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1 Jan</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Still reading but it looks good so far.  Thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; +1 jan ("nothing gets done in dec.")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1 Jan</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, we can say Jan then...we can have an official vote next week, to give everyone time to look through, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; feel free to add topics too, if you think of any</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Some more wiki cleaning I did was to also document our meeting processes a little more formally: <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Developer_Meetings">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Developer_Meetings</a>   So, if you get the chance, give it a review and modify as needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah i had a read earlier, looks good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lcs (n=chatzill@pool-72-93-191-180.bstnma.east.verizon.net) Quit (Remote closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (i=mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ysu_jat (n=jeffreyt@pool-70-17-173-55.pitt.east.verizon.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (n=tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* justben (n=ben@hypatia.library.emory.edu) Quit ("Leaving.")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (n=kevin@ip-152010148147.library.appstate.edu) Quit ("Leaving.")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (n=grahamtr@cpc3-stev1-0-0-cust857.lutn.cable.ntl.com) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@12.158.249.5) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@12.158.249.5) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@12.158.249.5) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (n=kevin@adsl-21-143-19.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (n=kevin@adsl-21-143-19.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit ("Leaving.")</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>