<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2009-08-05
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[12:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (n=PircBot@fedcommsrv1.nsdlib.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 16:32:05 EDT 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:21]</span> <span class="irc-red">[freenode-connect VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; see this piece of string? ;) Actually, the aim is for the DSpace User Group, mid October</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; ah right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; no chance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; would like to do something with the identifiers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; might be able to allocate some time to that in September</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; ok... well, we can move the topic on. Anyone?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm wondering if we are scheduled for 16:00 ET if we shouldn't just wait until then...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I guess so. I wonder why we thought it was now? I'm blaming you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (n=trig01@195.128.10.96) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@69-224-235-152.bn02785.sndg02.wayport.net) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* RichardJones (n=richard@94-194-200-240.zone8.bethere.co.uk) Quit (Read error: 110 (Connection timed out))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@64.50.88.162.ptr.us.xo.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cwilper (n=cwilper@74-44-156-57.dsl1-erie.roch.ny.frontiernet.net) Quit ("Ex-Chat")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cwilper (n=cwilper@74-44-156-57.dsl1-erie.roch.ny.frontiernet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@dhcp-18-111-6-157.dyn.mit.edu) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ieb (n=ieb@78-105-202-108.zone3.bethere.co.uk) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (n=grahamtr@cpc3-stev1-0-0-cust857.lutn.cable.ntl.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (n=grahamtr@cpc3-stev1-0-0-cust857.lutn.cable.ntl.com) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (n=grahamtr@cpc3-stev1-0-0-cust857.lutn.cable.ntl.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jat_ysu (n=jeffreyt@maag127.maag.ysu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; morning all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good afternoon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; oh, hrm, for some reason i thought it was a 'NZT friendly" meeting today ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; maybe i'm mixed up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* rrodgers (n=rrodgers@pool-173-76-16-252.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; We've all been there today Kim</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; heh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; Although I don't think there is such a thing as 'NZT friendly' time - unless it's the middle of the night everywhere else</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; heh, true, well, 8am is friendlier than 4am, relatively speaking</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; howdy Richard</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; hey grahamtriggs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hehe now its good afternoon for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; are we expecting our fearless leader (brad)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; he's already legged it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; legged in?  Do we do the hokey-pokey now?  leg in  leg out..  Sorry...I've been at the office since 7: am</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; "(11:48:17) bradmc: Can someone run the committer's mtg on #duraspace  this afternoon, please?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; no - legged 'it' - as in 'done a runner'. Go and get some coffee</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; you volunteering mhwood ? ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I'm not, but it looks like you already have ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, I'll do that, but I have to leave at the 1-hour mark.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So:  topics?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm waiting for stuartlewis, hoping he's coming online today?  Seems that we should be focusing on 1.6. activities mostly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; agreed - kshepherd - did you have a gander at embargo?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'd expect him in the next few mins.. might be finding a carpark or something if he decided to go to the office first</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; I have two things I need assistance with in the documentation department</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; kshepherd: why, have you only got two parking bays? ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So yes 1.6 activies (Stats, Embargo, Services,...)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; still haven't had time to have a proper look sorry Richard, but i've managed to 'reserve' today [and most of yesterday] for 1.6 development which is good.. should be able to test some implementations and give some feedback by the weekend</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; grahamtriggs: auckland tends to only have 2 free parking spaces for 1.1 milion people, yeah ;) not even joking, really..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; sounds just like central london (just with more sheep)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; no worries kshepherd - Larry is doing a re-spin for weekend</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ben_atmire (n=ben_atmi@62.235.147.46) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 1.6, documentation, anything else?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; firming up Sweden?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, this is why I was hoping for stuartlewis... thats mostly his domain</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; rrodgers: cool, if there's anything new since you sent me the last code, just forward me an update</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; just txt'd him a reminder ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I will fill the space...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; gr8, updates in txt spch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 1.6 Service and Statistics.... I can report that I've not gotten any feedback on my branch ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; the UsageEvent-&gt;Solr logger service is all going?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I've been testing the dspace-services with dspace 1.6 and suspect that it may be best to get it into the trunk where others can take it into consideration in their designs for other changes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; for example?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, I am able to log events into solr from dspace using the implementation in the branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; rrodgers: for instance if Larry Stone wants UsageEvents to pass objects etc, this is part of the changes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but its more dramatic than just changing UsageEvent, UsageEvent is replaced with the 2.0 EventService</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; OK - bu tthat isn't part of embargo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory scratches head...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; But Larry did comment on the UsageEvent work in regards to some of his work at Harvard</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; OK, but is any destined for 1.6?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, to simplify, I'd just like to make sure that inserting the UsageEvent/Services into the trunk would be an acceptable activity fromt he group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i like it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; mdiggory--will this affect the Event System Configuration in the config file?  I have a reason for asking this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not the existing EventManager, it just impacts UsageEvent ATM</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; I'd like to understand the implications of doing so - it's new code, therefore not heavily tested, so I'd like to understand what the 1.6 benefit is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm still formulating a best approach for transitioning EventManager... ATM, that looks more like a Event Consumer to bridge the two systems</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so, yes, I am avoiding change EventManager in 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; I'm all in favor of introducing 2.0 structure where it buys us stuff...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; With the dspace-services, we introduce the 1.x users with an environment that they can add their own "services" to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; This is branch 'dspace-1.6.x-services'?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; It clarifies how the 2.0 relates to 1.x, the 2.0 services come with their own fairly complete JUnit tests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; it is a combination of dspace-1.6.x-services branch and the modules/dspace-services</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; To clarify, modules/dspace-services is the Kernel and Service manager for dspace 2.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and the following default services</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; RequestService, SessionSerivce, CachingService and EventService</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the branch uses the dspace-services as a dependency and wrapps the webapplications with the ServletFilter required to make the environment available to the webapplication</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thus dspace-services are only available to webapplications, not CLI environment.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but thats open to adaptation in the future</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; generally, its important to recognize that the ultimate goal in transitioning from 1.6 to 2.0 is that "there will be only one" dspace instance running on a dspace.dir, but this is not yet a restiction that 1.6 can make</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so the dspace-services work different in 1.6 than in 2.0, and each webapplication has its one Kernel running</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; except there won't be - there can't be - only one instance running, if you care about HA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; HA?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hahahaha</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; high availability</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Morning - appologies for being late :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; morning stuartlewis</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: I agree, that HA needs to be considered in the 2.0 design especially in the BiomedCental case</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; So is the design in flux?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and that may be a qestion of what is distributed into a cluster</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; in this regard?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; webapps or Kernel etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not any more than DSpace 1.x design has been in flux</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you need to recognize that in 2.0 the ServiceManager and the Service api buffer the application developer from much of any flux in the underlying implementation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; how the Kernel and the Manager are deployed and used are separated from how they are accessed in the application</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mdiggory: I'm really concerned that it needs to be considered in the 1.6 design!! I'm really expecting to be able to upgrade to 1.6 (where the adoption of 2.0 sits is a very separate issue)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; What's the current subject? (jumped in late)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So what I am proposing to place into 1.6 and begin to get people using would only change in configuration, not in programming api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Bringing 2.0-style services into 1.6?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; dspace-services and the prototype branch I have created for the solr based stats service</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; grahamtriggs: So you think it is a bad idea to do this? (just trying to make sure I understand everyones positions)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: I'm not sure how this would make it difficult for you to upgrade</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; most of it is deployed separately... its very modular and I'm tempted to suggest you could leave it all behind if you so wanted to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; just by enabliing or disabling it in webapp</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; If one did so, you would sacrifice what depends on it - like stats?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, you are correct in that regard...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Let me clarify why I chose this route</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We looked at UsageEvent and said... it sure would be great to have multiple consumers/listeners...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I said... thats what the DSpace 2.0 EventService does</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; the solr stuff maybe, but simply leaving aside the kernel and services stuff? I'm not entirely sure about all the implications - including the maintenance/replication of state in the cluster (particular wrt to the CachingService)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if we just drop the storage and metadata stuff, then that can be used for this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: are you clustering?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; what parts are you clustering.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; I guess I'm wondering if it's feasible to have an 'early access' 2.0 release that injects the service mgr etc into 1.6, and still distribute an unbound version</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Along the lines of what mdiggory was just suggesting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; the dspace.dir sits on a cluster file system, the webapps hosted in clustered Tomcats (and all the functionality of -oai, -sword are rolled into the same webapp as the UI)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; the only thing that isn't 'clustered' is the execution of the cron tasks - and that's only because I never got the heartbeat stuff figured out in time when we rebuilt the servers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; It would require the following for statistics in the unbound version... we would need to accept UsageEvent as having just one consumer and you could enable that to be the solrstats service or something else</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Our timescale for this (if we're still aiming for an October RC) is about 8 weeks. How much of this is 'do-able' in that time, bearing in mind we still don't have stats and embargoes integrated?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: are your sessions shared or bound to one cluster node?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; mdiggory: why would you be limited to one UsageEvent, this can be altered as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; They wouldn't have to e released simultaneously</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; I've added multiple UsageEvents before</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; the sessions are replicated, although the load balancer prefers to keep sessions on the same server (as there is no guarantee that the replication will occur between the time of two requests)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I was limiting as a task... I wasn;t too interested in reinventing the 2.0 EventService, just in reusing it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but if we have something that multiplexes UsageEvent thats already written, then great, lets use it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; we can have both solutions with only a small difference of configuration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; There were other changes that were requested and which we need for SolLogger.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I had been meaning to look at how to change UsageEvent to use sequence plugins.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but we already have a patch I wrote for those</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; what I did was get minho stats and solr stats to log simultaneously</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; so the other changes were copied from you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ben_atmire: it is a more conservative path that may be more palatable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So... do we have a conclusion, or recommendation?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Anybody?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Do we need to take this offline, perhaps have a summary written, and we can think about it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Guess it needs further discussion/reflection</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry, phone call</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; perhaps we should keep the service branches out of trunk until more of us have had a chance to test against our own instances, other patches etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; my apologies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; If this doesn't affect the current "way" of doing statistucs in 1.6 and is just an option to turn on/off, it shouldn't really upset the apple cart, so to say, and users should be okay with the upgrade to 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ok, here is what I recommend...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mdiggory: Do you think you could write a summary email for us to digest and consider?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; exactly...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; mdiggory, if this is correct, I have no problem with that idea.  Remember, I'm your average 'in the trench guy" with no expertise.  LOL</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mostly it would be to approach it with the strategy outlined by ben_atmire and focus on doing this without services, because otherwise graham will have some serious migration issues to tackle</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So are we just going for services for stats? Nothing else? (I'd be fine with that)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the proposal is to just adapt UsageEvent more conservatively without bringing in the 2.0 work... of course, I'm not too pleased because that is my interest... but I see the problems that Graham is presenting and want a stable release that supports his needs as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Still doesn't preclude an early access thing if we can do the integration....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, we can still do an early access, in fact that allows us to be a bit less conservative with it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So shall we stick with it for stats, get 1.6 out the door, and we'll all get some good exeprience with the service for 1.7 or 2.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Just noting that we've passed 1hr.  Still have other 1.6 stuff, documentation issues, and DSUG on the topic list.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, agreed stuartlewis and lets move on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - have embargoes been talked about?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Just noted that kshepherd is reviewing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Excellent.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And I need to go.  Will someone take over as moderator?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - I can.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 1.6: Docs. Jeff...?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Yes..I have three things to the table.  (maybe 4)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thank you.  Good discussion.  I look forward to reading the log.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; I need someone to write a little about the Event System Configuration.  We have only what is in DSpace.cfg.  Nothing in the manual.  Volunteer?  I'm ignorant about this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (i=mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; I can send something - it got lost in the great rewrite...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; 2.  Who here can give me some undivided attention on the browse index configurations?  I really think there's some lacking in the documentation to understand all the configuration components and there are three chunks each in its own chapter....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; This conversation would be email offline.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Thanks Richard.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ah.. i've thought the same thing in the past.. i see a lot of repeat questions on dspace-tech about browse/search indexes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; So, I'd like to draw it into two placed:  configuration and application (re-indexing, options, etc.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd will try to send something through</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; great.  Any other gurus that want to assist?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Once I have the list of people who will assist, I will ask my questions more formally and much more organized.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; dspace-dev would be a googd place to use if you don't know who in particular to ask</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; 3. Indexes and appendices.    Chapter 15 is now Appendix A. Should the DRI Schema Reference be an appendix or a chapter.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:15]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* stuartlewis thinks appendix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Indexes:  This worked automatically when generating HTML and PDF, but the coding is hardcoded inside each *.xml.  It get's pretty uggly.  I'll send a sample to the dspace-dev. list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Looks great in the end result.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; That's just a good news update.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; 4.  Nomenclature.  I want you all to think about the chapter names and nomenclature.  I had a systems admin ask me what the application layer was.  I said "application programs that run dspace and all the jobs.."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yes - thanks Jeff. The docs are looking a lot better in terms of style, and loads better in content, typos, and pruning old content.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Just to remind you, as i update, they are on my dspace server:  htpp://digital.maag.ysu.edu/jspui/doc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Also, there will be some reorganization and splittign and merging of content for the 1.6 release.  I'll be working on updating all 1.6 changes I have sometime next week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; If you see ANYTHING on that web page that looks FUNKY, please email me.  If you want it in PDF let me know, I can place somewhere on a server for you to pull.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 'application layer' is an interesting question. It is pretty standard terminology for develoeprs, but obviously not for the target audience of the docs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mm, i can't think of a better term</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but it wouldn't hurt to have a one or two line description of the entire application layer at teh beginning of the chapter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Exactly...I've worked with DSpace since 1.1 release, so for me it's a no-brainer where to look for things.... I don't even look at the content page.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; kshepherd:  I thought of something like:  "Dspace Application programs"  or "Dspace Administrator Programs"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; It's the wording "layer" that is confusing....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; But this is not as important as getting all the errors out and clarifying anything that doesn't make sense.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; okay...I'll put a call out to DSpace-Dev. to get assistance with the browse index.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Also, one other thing is missing in the documentation.  The feature "My exported items" zip file.  I stumbled somehow on that...but can't locate anything but a property key in the configuration file.  Anyone has a write up would be helpful.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; That's all I have...sorry to bore you all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; The guys at TDL would be the ones to ask for that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Okay...will do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - DSUG. I've seen a preliminary programme now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; We probably should keep a document with the committers' name attached to each release and what it was.  ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; There is quite a bit dedicated to 1.6, some to SWORD, some to service/ds2.0, some to repo managers, and some genreral case studies.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Call it the BDCYA appendix....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Blame Document: Cover Your A$$ appendix.  LOL</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; some humor is needed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; I'm done and will now sit down in the bakc of the class.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Do we want to offer any feedback to the DSUG planners about what we would like to see?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; There is one parallel slot for devs and repo managers to have their own streams.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; And the afternoon of the last day is free, with the committers meeting pencilled in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; One final subject from  me (anyone have any others before we close?)... JIRA cleanup to  try and define a list of issues we want in 1.6, what to leave for later, and what to 'not-fox'.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; jat_ysu: sorry to derail, just one last thought about "Application Layer" and "Business Logic Layer" (which is possible even more confusing to people?)... could go with some more common (if slightly less accurate) terms like Frontend, Backend, Storage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stuartlewis: I want to see a way for us (developers going to DSUG) to participate in the structure of the developer activites going on there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; WOW.....that's more like it....I think I can come up with something now.  stay tune for me to put out a proposal on DSPACE-DEV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Developer session is shceduled for 15:30 -&gt; 17:00 on the second day, and has two sessions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Tim and Andrea talking about the community admin patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Mark talking about DSpace services.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, those are talks, and I happy to be giving one :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm refering more to commiter meetings, design discussions and unconference like activities... bar camp? like things etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you know... really FUN stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; AFAIK there is nothing planned like that (other than committers meeting).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; There are tutorials on the first morning.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Would you like to see a developers lounge exist during that time for people who want to talk technical and code rather than have tutorials?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jat_ysu (n=jeffreyt@maag127.maag.ysu.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not sure... its difficult to avoid overlap</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Naturally there will have to be overlap as &lt;50% of people will be interested i nthe techie side of things.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Sorry for the context shift - but it just popped into my head. Are we addressing the DRIVER stuff in 1.6?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; It was sort of a big deal for some of the Europeans at OR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Do we have a list of DRIVER reqs that DSpace doesn't fulfil. The only one I know about is exposing a 'fulltext' OAI-PMH set.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we did have the topic come up in OR09</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah, the committers panel at the end discussed it a fair bit, i just can't remember where i put my notes ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; I don't have a list either - I'm just wondering if we should reach out to someone (like Minho) to find out?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; DRIVER has the requirement to offer a set for fulltext open access content</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; that was the main issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; without altering DSpace code, this implies making a collection for that and mapping all this content to that collection</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; I think that's right ben_atmire</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yes - programatically deciding if something is full text is not going to be easy / accurate.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Well isn't it less that it's text (though it has to be that of course), but whether it's open?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; they were hoping for dspace to make OAI more configurable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; there were a few other 'compliance' issues discussed that were maybe not related so much to DRIVER, as well... like the dc.contributor.author vs dc.creator thing, and one suggestion was releasing a tool that could at least report all these potential issues to teh admin/user, even if they couldn't be fixed by 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so that you could define your own sets of content separate from that of the community/collection hierarchy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; DRIVER has its own compliance reporting tool.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; right, yeah, i think perhaps we were discussing non-DRIVER issues by then. sorry for derail ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kshepherd: we were all a bit baffled by that one because dspace oai maps contributor.author to creator</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://dspace.mit.edu/oai/request?verb=GetRecord&amp;metadataPrefix=oai_dc&amp;identifier=oai:dspace.mit.edu:1721.1/39126">http://dspace.mit.edu/oai/request?verb=GetRecord&amp;metadataPrefix=oai_dc&amp;identifier=oai:dspace.mit.edu:1721.1/39126</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah. which is a hacky workaround, but a very.. entrenched one by now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; One of my ideas for sharing between the Fedora and DSpace communities would be to actually begin utilizing Fedoras standalone OAI work that Chris has done in place of dspace oai where appropriate...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Do we know how they deal w/DRIVER compliance?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this would mostly mean creating Event Consumers and Loaders to populate the oai provider from dspace content</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; have to ask cwilper</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; thanks mdiggory - that could save us some time...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://proai.sourceforge.net/">http://proai.sourceforge.net/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Could be good in removing read-only records from oai-pmh. At the moment it is done in real-time, which is pretty slow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Its an excellent opportunity for technology transfer, consolidation and reuse within the OR community</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; For 1.6? Or will it take too long?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; (Just checked - it was only mentioned 3 times in the 1.6 survey)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt;  I think that it would require an effort on our part to get better versed with the prOAI deployment and configuration... I would recommend that it be explored as an addon for dspace that might someday replace the existing oai functionality. but I think someone would need to focus on it intensely at this point to get it into 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So I guess we need to leave it on the back burner unless anyoen has a burning desire...?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; My issues with DRIVER compliance are that it requires "more" than just off the shelf OAI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Can't we just claim that if they identify OA content in metadata - it would be easy for us to implement a set?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; But presumably if someone really wants DRIVER compliance, they can do it with a collection of mapped items? So the compliance is there, albeit via a hack.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; requiring a "full text" set rather than scanning teh OAI recoders for full text detail makes compliance require developers to alter existing OAI gateway capabilities</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the set needs to have a specific name</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; mdiggory: true, it needs to be called "driver"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; and if we would go far with this, NEEO compliance would probably be next</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:55]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* stuartlewis isn't comfortable with bodies requiring software to be tailored just for them, with sets named after their organizations. We could end up with dozens of these.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; NEEO is similar to DRIVER, but slightly different requirements</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; As Richard suggested, if we could find a neat way of adding a driver tag or full text tag in the metadata, making a new set based on that would be easy enough.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; At any rate, we should absolutely stay out of the business of programmatic identification...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I suspect that this hack will need to happen because of the traction/attention that DRIVER is getting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; rrodgers: so you are recommending a tag which the metadata editor would need to add?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; ben_atmire: Would you be willing to (sorry for the pun) drive this, find the exact requirements, and come up with some possible solutions?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; i.e. don't just look for annonymous access rights on bitstreams?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; I guess what I'm suggesting is writing a set that looks for a configurable set of metadata values - not one that we require</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; I have some previous experience with DRIVER, so I should be able to do this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; ben_atmire: Excellent. Thanks :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; but mdiggory - yes, it would be up to the repository manager to ensure that the tags be present &amp; correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; rrodgers: Sounds a good solution.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we also need to make sure that text is available over didl metadata crosswalk, right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; driver uses url's in didl</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; but that's usually not a problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; it's the sets that bother most people</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; most driver implementations edit the didl crosswalk for mapping the application profile anyway</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; (at least for the 3 different implementations I've seen in the past)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so we would need to verify that we maintain the same mappings by default in ours</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; I don't think the didl crosswalk requires changes from DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we would probably want to have it enabled by default.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; the changes are specific to mapping the institution's application profile to DRIVER-specific metadata requirements</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; doesn't seem to be on most installations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; brb, nicotine levels are dangerously low</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; think we have gone past the 2 hr mark...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; I've got to run - but thanks all (and ben_atmire for the DRIVER assist - I think as mdiggory observed, we wil need to offer something)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; we won't be offer complete driver compatibility out of the box</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; as it is too application profile dependent</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; true - but we will show that we listen to community input...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; and we can make sure DRIVER compatibility becomes a lot easier to accomplish</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* michaeldb (n=michaeld@CPE002436a25b34-CM000a739b087e.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; perhaps a proposal for changes can be drafted and forwarded to DRIVER for comment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* rrodgers (n=rrodgers@pool-173-76-16-252.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) Quit ("Leaving")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - I have to run too now. Shall we formally close the meeting?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; I'm not sure whether DRIVER knows all the issues coming from DSpace users</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stuartlewis: I think you just did</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Ok - well as ever, thanks everyone. We've covered a lot of ground today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; looking at proai, i don't think it'd be hard to write a DSpace OAIDriverImpl based on dspace-oai's existing API... but i'm getting distracted again ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:19]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory returns to his drawing board ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kshepherd: I think the "pull"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; nature of proai will be interesting to approach</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; would mean it wouldn't be an EventConsumer based</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; seems like it'd be easy enough to pull, store and serve identities, sets, etc for multiple IRs in a single OAI interface as well which might interest people</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but i haven't looked at it tooooo closely yet so i might be barking up the wrong tree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; driver still requires he repository to produce the crosswalk...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; we should be careful not to offer a solution which breaks all alterations of people who already invested in customized crosswalks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ben_atmire: definitely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; very valid concern</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; is proai used by many institutions?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; DRIVER might be offering a crosswalk if it is :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think if this were explored it would just replace the current webapp and driver, the actuall crosswalks would probibly be maintained...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; something worth checking out in more detail</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ben_atmire&gt; some other day, I have to go now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; theres nothing to suggest that it couldn't just be another alternative to the existing webapp, the caching support being the benefit.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i have to get back to $busywork now, myself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think we would still need to author the crosswalk specifically for dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I don't think there is a way around that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ben_atmire (n=ben_atmi@62.235.147.46) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (n=grahamtr@cpc3-stev1-0-0-cust857.lutn.cable.ntl.com) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cwilper (n=cwilper@74-44-156-57.dsl1-erie.roch.ny.frontiernet.net) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cwilper (n=cwilper@74-44-156-57.dsl1-erie.roch.ny.frontiernet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (n=kevin@adsl-162-19-68.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (n=kevin@adsl-162-19-68.clt.bellsouth.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@64.50.88.162.ptr.us.xo.net) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cwilper (n=cwilper@74-44-156-57.dsl1-erie.roch.ny.frontiernet.net) Quit (lindbohm.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cwilper (n=cwilper@74-44-156-57.dsl1-erie.roch.ny.frontiernet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendig21.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Remote closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendig21.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendig21.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Remote closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendig21.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendig21.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Remote closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendig21.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>