<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2010-10-13
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* alxp (~aoneill@99-105-58-164.lightspeed.sntcca.sbcglobal.net) Quit (Quit: alxp)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: stuartlewis)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* snail (~stuart@130.195.179.88) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: stuartlewis)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ThomasAJohnson (~tom@24-119-231-22.cpe.cableone.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ThomasAJohnson (~tom@24-119-231-22.cpe.cableone.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ThomasAJohnson (~tom@24-119-231-22.cpe.cableone.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* krnl_ (Andrius@193.219.34.106) Quit (Ping timeout: 255 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* krnl_ (Andrius@193.219.34.106) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-91-54.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 20:32:05 UTC 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:42]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp136.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 265 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~graham@62.189.56.2) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp136.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-91-54.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ThomasAJohnson (~tom@24-119-231-22.cpe.cableone.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ThomasAJohnson (~tom@216.160.210.151) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* alxp (~aoneill@99-105-58-164.lightspeed.sntcca.sbcglobal.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~graham@62.189.56.2) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ThomasAJohnson (~tom@216.160.210.151) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ThomasAJohnson (~tom@24-119-231-22.cpe.cableone.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cccharles (~user@131.104.62.55) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dilbertson (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-91-54.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 265 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5229fd08@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.253.8) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSpace Dev Mtg starting here in just a few minutes.  Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-10-13">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-10-13</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-96-237-109-32.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok all -- looks like it's about time to get started.   JIRA review is up first</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's the recent JIRA issues: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;&amp;pid=10020&amp;resolution=-1&amp;created%3Aprevious=-13w&amp;assigneeSelect=&amp;sorter/field=created&amp;sorter/order=ASC">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;&amp;pid=10020&amp;resolution=-1&amp;created%3Aprevious=-13w&amp;assigneeSelect=&amp;sorter/field=created&amp;sorter/order=ASC</a>   we'll start with DS-638</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-217-116.sd.sd.cox.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* HardyPottinger (80ce8627@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.134.39) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; check files on input for viruses, and verify file format  : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-638">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-638</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers -- I had assumed this was a complete overlap with your CurationSystem work -- is that correct?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: yes, we have both virus (done) and format id (inworks)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; They ought to be a bit more flexible than approach of DS-638, in that they can be performed out of UI (any means of ingest, in workflow, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- so, I'm assuming we should keep this open in case code is a useful reference, or it becomes "obsolete"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "or *until* it becomes obsolete" (should that happen)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yes, keep open I'd say</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok...we'll just move on then, and leave DS-638 open &amp; assigned to richardrodgers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; do we not have some kind of archive status?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; what do you mean by that? obviously all issues are kept forever</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I guess grahamtriggs means a status so that we don't have to review it with the others...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; in-progress?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well, we could create on, if we wanted. we do have an 'in-progress' status</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we have:  "Received -&gt; Open -&gt; In Progress -&gt; Resolved -&gt; Closed -&gt; ReOpened"   We can add more statuses if we found a need.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; what I mean, is that we should draw a line under it to say that we won't be taken any further, but it's there if people want it. 'Open' makes it look like it's up for future consideration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Closed:  fixed a different way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that would be an idea -- we could have a different "Resolution" type.   Closed, Resolution = "fixed a different way"   as mark suggests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; yes... closed with an appropriate reason seems ok... although I'm not sure how we would encourage discoverability of patches for users of 'previous' versions (ok, that's a tangential issue...)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; minor case, a comment might be good enough, "This idea will be implemented by DS-1234".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There is already related/relates-to for that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea -- and linking them together as "related" also helps</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* grahamtriggs thinks tdonohue will appreciate not doing that until after tomorrow though :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- after the JIRA migration (tomorrow), I can minimally add a new custom "reason" for this sort of thing.   We can make it better discoverable by linking and commenting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; let's move on for  now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Interal System Error when browsing with wrong argument : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-640">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-640</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; looks like I've duplicated this with: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-684">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-684</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-91-54.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, we need to mark one as a dupe then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any volunteers to implement?  This would be good to fix for 1.7 (in my opinion)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Probably should 404?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.26.116) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Reporter says there is a patch, but didn't attach one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 404 sounds good.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 -- yea, 404 would probably be appropriate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Assign to me if you want.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok DS-640 -  Assign to stuartlewis for 1.7.   Should return 404  (mark DS-684 as a dupe and close)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; -1 on 404... I think.... remember, it's the same base url (with parameters) as the valid pages. Will 404 have consequences?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've been meaning to ask:  how do we get contact information for issue reporters, so we can ask for more details etc?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- if you add a comment to an issue, it will email them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; alternate suggestion grahamtriggs ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hah, of course.  Thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; Friendly message - 'No such browse' ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea -- that could be a good point, grahamtriggs.   Not sure if all search engines will treat those as separate pages (as they are just parameterized)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'm a little worried about the search engine case - could expand the URL space searched....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; but I don't know enough to say one way or another</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; then maybe 301 to default browse</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Or, it could just send you to a page listing all the valid browse options?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; suggest that we have stuartlewis investigate options and suggest a route -- 404, friendly error, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; xmlui for /browse/ returns 404 and doesn't seem to cause any harm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Actually, returns 200, but message of page not found</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ugh, that 200 needs fixing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; but then <a href="http://demo.dspace.org/xmlui/browse/?type=title">http://demo.dspace.org/xmlui/browse/?type=title</a> doesn't return a browse page either</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea -- I think doing the same as <a href="http://demo.dspace.org/xmlui/browse/?type=SomethingNotIndexed">http://demo.dspace.org/xmlui/browse/?type=SomethingNotIndexed</a> should be fine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; But what http status code?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, but without the slash is an error still: <a href="http://demo.dspace.org/xmlui/browse?type=SOMETHINGNOTINDEXED">http://demo.dspace.org/xmlui/browse?type=SOMETHINGNOTINDEXED</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 404, or 200</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://www.google.com/search?sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8&amp;q=dspace+browse#sclient=psy&amp;hl=en&amp;safe=off&amp;q=+browse+site:http%3A%2F%2Fdspace.knust.edu.gh%2F&amp;aq=f&amp;aqi=&amp;aql=&amp;oq=&amp;gs_rfai=&amp;pbx=1&amp;fp=5a996d56de453056">http://www.google.com/search?sourceid=chrome&amp;ie=UTF-8&amp;q=dspace+browse#sclient=psy&amp;hl=en&amp;safe=off&amp;q=+browse+site:http%3A%2F%2Fdspace.knust.edu.gh%2F&amp;aq=f&amp;aqi=&amp;aql=&amp;oq=&amp;gs_rfai=&amp;pbx=1&amp;fp=5a996d56de453056</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ThomasAJohnson (~tom@24-119-231-22.cpe.cableone.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 265 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; different parameters = different hits</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mdiggory: Isn't that &lt; 1.5 browse?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; tdonohue: yes, because any url that includes the slash gets the not found - even when you specify a valid type (ie. title)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Should not be 200 if it's an incorrect request.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I thought we had another JIRA issue already open around the 200 vs. 404 issues in XMLUI?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, from way back, dependent on Cocoon problems that they never fix.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; don't know I was just huntingfor an example of browse indexed in google still</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; yeah they have different results for: dspace/browse-date and dspace/browse-date?order=oldestfirst in google</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://www.google.com/search?q=browse++Nuclear+site%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fdspace.mit.edu">http://www.google.com/search?q=browse++Nuclear+site%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fdspace.mit.edu</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Mit still does it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, maybe we don't have a 200 v. 404 JIRA issue opened -- I thought we did though, as I recall this discussion coming up recently</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I think we should err on the side of caution and say that if we need a path to return valid documents for some parameters, then it should never return 404 for any invalid parameters</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hmmm, well, what's HTTP for "invalid parameters"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; 400</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Bad Request</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; more specifically, for just /browse?   <a href="http://www.google.com/search?q=browse++Nuclear+site%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fdspace.mit.edu%2Fbrowse">http://www.google.com/search?q=browse++Nuclear+site%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fdspace.mit.edu%2Fbrowse</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Sounds sensible - so in this case, what should the response be? "200, sorry, invalid browse"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; its a client error that they gave you bad input</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea -- 400 Bad Request is probably the right one for bad params.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "400, Sorry, invalid browse" seems better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec10.html">http://www.w3.org/Protocols/rfc2616/rfc2616-sec10.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We should not return OK for an uninterpretable request.  A well-formed request which finds nothing should return OK.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; It all depends on google et al differentiating between pages with query string parameters.  Surely they do? So many sites work that way.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 404 OK for some parameters, 200 for others.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; what we've done is prohibit invalid browse URL processing from adding anything the DRI body, which in turn activates the Manakin PageNotFound transformer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Google does differentiate between pages w/query string params.   Top 2 results here are same, except for querystring: <a href="http://www.google.com/search?q=browse++Nuclear+site%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fdspace.mit.edu">http://www.google.com/search?q=browse++Nuclear+site%3Ahttp%3A%2F%2Fdspace.mit.edu</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; what about proxies?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mbklein (~mbklein@pdpc/supporter/professional/mbklein) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We're 35 minutes in.  Take this topic to the dev list?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- we're at 30 mins :)  any final decisions, or should we take ithis to email?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, thanks mhwood :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I'll summarise options on JIRA and transfer to dspace-devel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks stuartlewis, sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving on to topic #2 -- Suggested 'dspace-test' changes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It has been recommended by grahamtriggs that we should move the  'dspace-test' Unit Tests directly into the 'dspace-api' module (as they  all relate directly to that API, and it brings the tests closer to the  code they test)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Pere has refactored code to move 'dspace-test' contents into 'dspace-api'.  He can commit it if we approve these changes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Big question, does it introduce a dependency on JSPUI?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; dspace-test? no -- it only tests stuff in dspace-api, as far as I'm aware</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; didn't see anything in there that used JSPUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt;  &lt;dependency&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt;          &lt;groupId&gt;org.dspace&lt;/groupId&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt;          &lt;artifactId&gt;dspace-jspui-api&lt;/artifactId&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt;       &lt;/dependency&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; is in the original dspace-test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yes, what additional dependencies are there, if any?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; Looking at the code, I don't think there is anything that actually makes use of that dependency</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; As long as that goes away, I am comfortable with merging them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I just pulled out the odd 'dspace-jspui-api' dependency in its pom.xml, and it still built properly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; richardrodgers: it shouldn't introduce any dependencies that aren't given a test scope (so wouldn't be required by any artefacts produced)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Tests belong next to their subjects.  It made sense to have a separate project while in development, but now that the framework and initial tests are accepted, I agree that they should move.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I have no objection, then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mdiggory: agreed, absolutely don't want to make dependencies across the project layers... if there had been any JSPUI tests in there, I would propose in the first instance to drop them to make the merge happen, and secondly to find a different solution that didn't use a dangling test project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; When tests land for other modules, having them all piled into one project will introduce dependencies we might not want, right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; correct mhwood very correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, as long as we remove that odd JSPUI pseudo-dependency, are we all in agreement to move all existing Unit Testing to 'dspace-api'?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; more importantly, they should be testing the project before the artefact is produced - not allow you to deploy an artefact and then say after... 'err, you kinda got that wrong'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 as well...others?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;dilbertson&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; and it would be a nightmare to maintain for refactoring ,etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Sounds fine to me +1 (just surprised that this wasn't noted when everyone first voted for its inclusion)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- sounds like this route is approved.  Stuart, would you give Pere the go ahead?    (Yea -- we overlooked this obviously the first time through -- good we caught before 1.7 though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Sure - will work with him to get it committed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- on to 1.7 discussions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Hi All, we need all the outstanding issues/features to be developed, feedbacked, and committed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Are there any comments on the suggested updates to prerequisite software?  Any suggestions about updating Oracle version?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I wanted to put in a plug to look at richardrodgers Curation Framework closely (if we want this in 1.7, we need to review &amp; approve very soon): <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/CurationSystem">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/CurationSystem</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; See DS-618</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;dilbertson&gt; Shall we put some virus -infected files in with the unit test framework for curation testing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- I thought your recommendations looked good for DS-618, though I'm not sure about Oracle either (we may need to track down an Oracle user in community)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yes, please have a look, and write yourself a task or 2.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snail&gt; dilbertson: there are some 'dummy' viruses for testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;dilbertson&gt; snail: thanks, better idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snail&gt; <a href="http://www.eicar.org/anti_virus_test_file.htm">http://www.eicar.org/anti_virus_test_file.htm</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I will award prizes to the most creative (as judged by committers):</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll also mention that I'd like to see Richard's CurationSystem work into 1.7, as I think it would also provide a way to kick off AIP generation via the Admin UI (rather than just commandline).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; though -- again, we need to all review this, and make a decision on whether we agree for it in 1.7.   Also, if we want it in *both* UIs, I think we still need a JSPUI implementation (is that correct, richardrodgers?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Correct, branch has only XMLUI for now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cccharles_ (~cccharles@bas5-kitchener06-1096664917.dsl.bell.ca) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other thoughts on this?  Do we have time to review this before our Oct 22 deadline?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; re:parity.. I thought we had agreed that parity isn't required but not to do something that would prevent parity</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; PeterDietz: I think that's right - 'neutrality', rather than 'parity'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; in my opinion, parity is not "required" (we already don't truly have it) -- was just pointing out there isn't a JSPUI implementation yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but changes to the dspace-api should not cause JSPUI to fail to work correctly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; agreed, certainly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; obviously -- yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ok, I would say if curation is stable then it can be considered for inclusion, I'll take a look at it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; (I'm using the word considered loosely)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Code Freeze is 9 days away</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; we did a round of testing, but I'm sure it could use more exercise</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep.  Are their other big projects folks are working on getting into 1.7 before code freeze?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Any other 1.7 updates people would like to share? Status on works in progress, issues with progress that you would like to share</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cccharles_ (~cccharles@bas5-kitchener06-1096664917.dsl.bell.ca) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;HardyPottinger&gt; I'm asking our DBA for recommendation on Oracle version</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers -- whatever happened with the MIT CC Licensing code?  is that going into 1.7, or is that delayed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; No, that is essentially ready tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "essentially ready" = will make it before code freeze?   :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; sure thing!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I have three patches on JIRA that can go into 1.7 - 694, 695, and 697</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; (I meant doc primarily)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;dilbertson&gt; also DS-677 on JIRA - patch should still be fine with the 695 change?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- well, we are at top of hour.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I wanted to followup with the async work, discovery and another contributionplanned by @mire.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; dilbertson -- DS-677 looks like an obvious bug fix, and can probably just be committed (assuming you ran some tests, obviously!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- go ahead</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;dilbertson&gt; tdonohue: yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Mostly, we had been planning an improved simple theme for Manakin before the discussion was launched in dspace-tech.  I've been told that we are accelerating that effort now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; good to hear :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; ahh... DS-677... this is a tricky one. As we currently determine how we handle database connections / transactions, then this doesn't classify as a bug.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We are planning to have Ben and Art Lowel be available in the upcoming week to present the details of this Simple theme to the community</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; but it is a good example of why I have kept saying that our approach to database connections / transactions doesn't scale well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs -- can you work with dilberston on DS-677 then? or add your thoughts as to an alternative as necessary?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; It will contain a number of enhancements to improve the ease of initially branding XMLUI that we have learned over the last couple years.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;dilbertson&gt; thanks graham - I'd imagined there might be a better way to handle it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;HardyPottinger&gt; word from our DBA is: "I would recommend nothing less than 10g, and preferably 11g. 9i support will soon be deprecated, and if they can support 11 it would be best to do that as the lifespan will be the longest"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; tdonohue: I can keep banging my drum. But if nobody wants to dance :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; It will also enable the ability to immediately start harnessing jquery in the UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; HardyPottinger:  thanks, I will work that in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I think jQuery is the first thing I add to a new theme, I would recommend that to be in the default, perhaps dspace-ui-static</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; dilbertson: I don't think there is a better way of handling it in the short term. We're very constrained by the assumption that we will get a db connection and transaction at the start of a request, and keep it through to the end of the request</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I thin we would agree with its need, however, even though I agreed to let it in, I'm not a fan of dspace-ui-static</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: sounds interesting.  were there updates on discovery &amp; async too?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; ideally, we would keep transaction windows to the shortest period they can be, [probably] do most of our read queries outside of transactions, and return db connections to the pool whenever they aren't being used</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; stuartlewis: Still there ? Do you have a moment for a wee Sword question ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry, I know there are two conversations ongoing here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; robint: Hi!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; now three</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; robint: Let's transfer ours to #dspace?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; stuartlewis: c u there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue if some folks need to head out, feel free.  I want to continue here though, as we are under deadline soon for 1.7, and we need the updates from everyone :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; go ahead, mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory, you still here? :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The Async research into the build process is evolving.  I've reached a point where I've determined there may be two possible solutions to Asyn release.  They still need proper documentation however so people can be informed for discussion, this is another area that Ben and I are still preparing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry, long winded</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sorry, must go, will catch up later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* HardyPottinger has a question when the discussion settles</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.26.116) Quit (Quit: sandsfish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The first approach is as we talked about using Maven Archetypes (not actually async release but a mechanism to add modules to dspace)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I've got to run also. Thanks all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; HardyPottinger: is that the IRC equivalent of putting your hand up and hoping to get the teacher's attention?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-96-237-109-32.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The second approach would be more described as "Coordinated Release"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;HardyPottinger&gt; grahamtriggs: lol, it might be  :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The second approach would use a separate maven pom that checked out the dspace core + any additional modules that were required and released them all to their appropriate svn locations.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; docs definitely might help everyone (or examples on wiki) -- not sure I fully understand #2 right now, but I get the basics of it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;HardyPottinger&gt; going with the shout it out approach: I'm working on adding a Cocoon control panel for the XMLUI admin interface, probably won't be ready in 9 days (eek) but it is working enough that I'd like to see if it's capable of clearing the Cocoon cache. Only problem? I can't seem to generate any cache...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;HardyPottinger&gt; I can see our live DSpace has about 1.2GB in its cache, but our dev DSpace is at 0 bytes, no matter what I click on... I'm looking for advice on tactics to generate some cache</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- is there any other updates on discovery? or was that it for @mire updates?  (Just want to see if you were done or not)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; HardyPottinger -- good question.  hmmm...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think that we are overtime, so I will hold back, we still have an intention of introduce discovery with the 1.7 release, we need to still determine how tightly packaged it will be with the DSpace distribution however, getting feedback from the developer community on how important being able to turn it on easily in 1.7 with a few configuration changes is.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- Obviously after Oct 22, we are under feature freeze and move into testing/bug-fix mode (and preparation for testathon).  So, we will need to make a decision on whether Discovery is part of testathon, or if it's an external add-on for 1.7.  I'll look forward to the discussion, presumably on dspace-devel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this is why the details of async releasing need to be worked out before then.  until we can maintain distribution code in the modules directory, it would be necessary to move all code going into dspace distributions into the trunk, which defeats the ability to do the type of releasing on discovery that is currently needed by the community that uses it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmmm... I hate to say it, but are we going to be able to work out async *before* Oct 22?   It could happen, though I think we'd need to get on it (i.e. deep in discussion) as soon as possible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think that we need to have it or we are going to be fighting over how code gets from modules into dspace distributions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- well, then I'd suggest posting your options to dspace-devel and/or wiki as soon as possible, so we can try to bring it forward very quickly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think that it can be worked out and I am continuing an agenda to make it clearer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The options we currently have to resolve things by the 2nd are</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; (1) Place the discovery code under trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; (2) keep the discovery code where it is and adjust our build process to support releasing modules in concert with tunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 2nd = 22nd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea...and there's (3) leave Discovery code out of 1.7 for now (unfortunately) and aim it for 1.8     (not saying that's an ideal option -- obviously better to see if we can do #1 or #2 in time)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (5229fd08@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.253.8) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;HardyPottinger&gt; sent my Q to dspace-tech, gotta run,  look forward to hearing more about Discovery in 1.7 on the list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;dilbertson&gt; goodnight</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dilbertson (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* HardyPottinger (80ce8627@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.134.39) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ThomasAJohnson (~tom@216.160.210.151) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-217-116.sd.sd.cox.net) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ThomasAJohnson (~tom@216.160.210.151) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* alxp (~aoneill@99-105-58-164.lightspeed.sntcca.sbcglobal.net) Quit (Quit: alxp)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>