<span class="irc-date">[0:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@pool-72-66-75-191.washdc.fios.verizon.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@fedcommsrv1.nsdlib.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 16:32:05 EDT 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~trig01@80.169.130.178) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Dan_Davis (~43f11873@gateway/web/freenode/x-qbwjwixddmpygigr) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~trig01@80.169.130.178) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cccharles (~cccharles@131.104.62.47) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@dhcp-18-111-9-121.dyn.mit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Hey folks - is there commiter mtg today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers: you are an hour early.  it's still at 20:00UTC, which is now an hour later for those of us in the USA (cause of daylight savings)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; ah right - forgot about the time change thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no problem :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'll call in then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@dhcp-18-111-9-121.dyn.mit.edu) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keith-noadmin (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* caryn_ (~80c8e115@gateway/web/freenode/x-djmvbelnsxfqcfiv) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all.  Will start the DSpace Developers Mtg here in a minute or so.  Here's a link to the Agenda I sent to dspace-devel: <a href="https://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/message.php?msg_name=4B9FB866.1030608%40duraspace.org">https://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/message.php?msg_name=4B9FB866.1030608%40duraspace.org</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keith-noadmin is now known as keithg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, may as well get started.  First off, I wanted to welcome PeterDietz as an official DSpace Committer.  Congrats to Peter!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@dhcp-18-111-9-121.dyn.mit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Thank you, I'm excited</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; oops I mean +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; [applause]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we're excited to have you join the team!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; congrats Peter :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Yes welcome Peter!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I still haven't figured out how to ensure that the pizzas will maintain their "preservation" of being warm, delicious, and not moldy by the time they arrive</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; we don't want to hear excuses</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; just make it happen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; congrats, and... suggest we send an official email announcement ASAP, as we've 'soft announced' it in the agenda and irc logs!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; official will go out later this week...we are waiting as we may end up with a small "group" of new committers to announce</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; item #2:  I'd like to have a face-to-face Committers meeting at OR2010 (likely the monday before the conference) for anyone who will be able to make it to Spain.   Preferably I'd like to make it a 1/2 day or even full day meeting to talk more in depth  (may even be able to meet up with Fedora committers for some of the time).  What do others think of this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; So you mean Mon 5th July?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes...that's the likely candidate.  though i'm open to suggestions :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i like the idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not sure yet  if we will travel early to OR or stay later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i was a brand new committer at OR09 and it was a bit tricky tracking everyone down to say hi over the duration of the conference ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (from what I hear, the Fedora Committers are also scheduling an all-day mtg for Mon July 5th...so, that might be a prime chance to also have an opportunity to have a small joint meeting for part of the day)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'd be fine with that, but I know there is a lot of competition for the pre-conf time, so we should make sure we don't conflict with known other events</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; agree, I know there will be preconfs we want to be at</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I was planning on going to OR-ten (even before committer status), so that works for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; kshepherd: there is a simple answer to that... make new committers where a special hat at the first conference so we can easily spot you :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; heh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hmm jester or dunce</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers: definitely understood.  this is all tentative right now.  But, I wanted to start thinking about this now, so that we could even block off a spot before other pre-conf stuff gets scheduled</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: i was thinking fruit basket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; maybe pizza delivery boy outfit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; tdonohue: and before we all book our travel / accomodation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, does anyone have a real preference for pre- or post-OR2010 (i.e. day before or day after)?   As DuraSpace is involved with some of the scheduling, I can try to block off a 1/2 day or a day soonish.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs: exactly.  I wanted to get this in before travel is booked up :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd has no preference and will just do whatever</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; not a strong pref at this point</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but for the new committers, it might be nice to do it pre-conf</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; just try not to overlap with preconference workshops...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; kshepherd: you'll need to leave shortly to get there in time either way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll talk to others at DuraSpace involved in the conf planning, and see what time(s) are completely (or mostly) conflict free.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tell me about it :/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; thanks tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i thought a 13 hour flight was bad.. i think this one will be 20+</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  The only other "big topic" I had on the agenda was to try and followup a bit on our "Time Driven Release" proposal &amp; discussion from last week's meeting: <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/TimeDrivenReleaseProposal#Notes_from_Discussion_on_10_March_2010">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/TimeDrivenReleaseProposal#Notes_from_Discussion_on_10_March_2010</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd like to get to a consensus on how we'd like to manage the 1.7 release especially, so that we can begin working toward that release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; keep in mind, we don't need to make "drastic" changes immediately (we can take small steps)...but, it seemed like most of us were in favor of this Time Driven Release process</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'd say we should shoot for a date no later than 1 year from now, maybe sooner</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i cant see that it would hurt to try a time-driven release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* grahamtriggs really, really wants to ditch the 1.x / 2.x numbering if we go to time based releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; appropriate committers hat for conference  ...  <a href="http://bit.ly/ayrwJP">http://bit.ly/ayrwJP</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; A year seems long.  3-6 months?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll also remind us that it did take 2 years between 1.5.0 and 1.6.0 (guaranteed, 1.5.1 and 1.5.2 ended up being larger releases along the way as well).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'm ok with new numbering scheme - provided we can clearly articulate upgrade paths in non-confusing ways..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn_&gt; mhwood: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think we need to consider that if the time period is too short for a major release, not much will have changed?  (I'm not vested in that assertion)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; grahamtriggs: what would be your proposed numbering?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 123456789.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mdiggory: close, we give it handles - 123456789/1, 123456789/2, etc. :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: i'd agree.  shorter timeframes will likely equal fewer features in each release.   I think anything between 6 mos to a year might be a good to try for 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn_&gt; i think 6 months seems like a good time period between releases (of course, that comes from my non-committer perspective)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; DSpace 2^Ï€</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm not too worried about version numbers... accept the dreaded 2.0 oversell...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jat_ysu (~jatrimble@pool-70-17-174-165.pitt.east.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; kshepherd: I'm quite comfortable with the year / month version numbering that the likes of Ubuntu use (they don't seem to have too many problems with it!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I was thinking successive approximations of e (Knuth already took pi for TeX)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; If we go releasing individual modules... we need version ranges that support their incrementation within a major release space</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so we might consider something like dspace-api-lang 1.6.0.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; which was an attempt to allow more releases of dspace-api-lang withint he range of dspace 1.6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'd be inclined to go closer to 6mo than a year... important not to overcommit though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Although the version numbering is interesting, I worry about confusing people to much by jumping from DSpace 1.6 to DSpace 10.09 (if we release in Sept 2010)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; DSpace 2010.09.01</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; hence my messaging concern - we might dual label for a few releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; back to the point of not much changing between releases - I think that's ok from time to time. if you set out timeframes beforehand, you expect that you can't always have the same pace of change in each release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; DSpace 2010, DSpace XP, DSpace Vista, DSpace 7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; what benefit does renumbering really give us?  (Other than attempting to avoid 2.0 forever?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; and upgrade paths themselves..? people wondering if they can go straight from DSpace 2010.09.01 to DSpace 2012.09.01 without upgrading to teh the intermediate version?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not too kean on the dated release numbers.... the integration/snapshot releases already do that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; documentation solves that, of course.. but i'm sure people will wonder</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mhwood: DSpace 2010 would work, only if we did annual (or every 2 years) releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we would end up with 2010.09.01-20100401.ext</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; it's still a slippery slope of confusion......Are you on version 1.6 or DSpace 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; tdonohue: it means people always 'know' what they have. You don't have to think... how long ago did 1.6 come out? how many releases have there been since? etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; The upgrade path  looks funny to the neophyte:  "Upgrade from 1.6. to Dspace 2010 following these instructions..."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn_&gt; only thing i would add is that it's kind of nice to look at a numbering system, and know approximately where it fits...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn_&gt; if we agree to a twice annually upgrade, would it work to do something like 2.1, and 2.2, 3.1 and 3.2, with minor bug fixes as 2.1.1, etc ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; To be honest, it seems like this renumbering could be more problems than it'd be worth right now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; to slightly change the topic: i'd like to know a bit more about asynchronous releases.. have not worked on any projects that did them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; and bear in mind that because we already have artefacts in the 1.6 release that are numbered 2.0, there is a very real possibility that a DSpace 2.0 release would comprise of artefacts numbered 1.8.x, 2.0.x and 2.1.x/2.2.x. Anyone want to explain that one? :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Oookay...Graham..ya gotta point</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ugh... I'm not warming up to this year version number thing....  Maybe for the overall release, but we will have individual components that need to be maintained with their own version histories... if they don't change much in a year, theres really little need to rerelease them with a new number</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It sounds as though, even if we keep the current scheme, the answer to "which version of DSpace are you running" is going to become a vector.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mdiggory: artefacts / components... dare I say it, modules... could go a different way. think Ubuntu!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, in fact, for the overall release mabe the year would suffice to disambiguate it from the individual component version numbers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; Ubuntu release is 9.10, doesn't make X.org 9.10, Gnome 9.10, Kernel 9.10, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; so we can have DSpace 2011, shipping with dspace-api 1.7?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.  can we take a small step back for a moment.  we jumped from scheduling 1.7 to different number schemes, etc.   First off, no matter what we want to call the next release (1.7 or whatever), do we vote to schedule this release for 6 mos (Sept 2010)?  1 year (Mar 2011)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; true... that is the thought, that would also allow for managing module versions individually rather than in one large swoop...  but I wonder about maintence releases then...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 6 months.  Smaller change bundles:  easier upgrades.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd tends to prefer closer to 6 months</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn_&gt; 6 months would be nice!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think that 6mos is very ambitious. We are just ramping up on 1.6. installs and havn't even gotten feedback on significant issues with it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; and we might just have to get pickier about what makes it in :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I'm going to be awkward and suggest that if we set 6 months as the future interval, we don't set the NEXT release to exactly 6 months from now - give ourselves a little time to get things in order</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I agree with mdiggory - 6 months might be a good goal, but off the bat ambitious</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn_&gt; grahamtriggs: +1 would be good to get the community ready for this new system!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn_&gt; (in addition to ramping up for the development)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll actually I admit that a release in Sept/Oct seems a bit ambitious to me as well right now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* grahamtriggs thought I was being awkward, and everyone else said the same thing whilst I was typing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yes grahamtriggs - the frequency can be adjusted, it's the new approach we must embrace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we could also honestly just say the next release will be _____ (whether that is Dec 2010, Jan 2011, whatever), and set frequency after that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm more for 1 year releases, it leaves room to meet and plan about what changes would go into it,  leaves room for initiatives to make dramatic improvements still and coincides with major conference events like OR.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn_&gt; from an academic perspective, setting a goal for relases of dec, then june is nice - it coincides with the breaks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; true, we can adjust the frequency if necessary... I think we should set out a goal though, just that it is separate from us saying when that frequency kicks in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; during the year minor updates could be released that can be provided via maven updates.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Also means a lot of people will wait 1 year for something that goes in tomorrow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; no</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thats not true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; minor maven updates provide new maintence features</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, how about saying -- 1.7 (or whatever we call it) will be released in Dec 2010.  After that, we will strive for releases every June  and Dec (every 6 mos).  If we get to Dec 2010 and feel that frequency is too ambitious, we can rethink then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we set rules on how dramatic / backward compatable those minor updates can be</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn_&gt; tdonohue: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: -1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ;-0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue thinks there's always got to be one -- looking at you mdiggory :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; tdonohue: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ducks...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, I accept the 1.7 (or whatever we name it) in Dec, but I'm just not for 6mo major release intervals</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; tdonohue: +1.  That's almost a year the first time, and we'll have that experience later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; ..ish. I'll admit, I was going to suggest February as the first release, but if we're happy with Dec...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; TBH grahamtriggs I'd rather not swamp my holiday with DSpace release process</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory:  as I said, we can reanalyze in Dec if we've come up with something better.  I'm just trying to get us to set some sort of goal now :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; +1 to "release and re-evaluate in Dec"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; mdiggory:  I worry about having to ask people *which* DSpace 1.7 they are having trouble with.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; what do others think of Dec 2010 for 1.7, and re-evaluate then?   We can even leave off an exact frequency of 6 mos after that, if that seems too ambitious right now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I count +4 right now... and a tentative from mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i admit my preference for 6mos might be unrealistic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.  Sounds like we have a date for 1.7 (or whatever we call it).  Dec 2010 it is.  We'll re-evaluate then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; How will the community receive the interval eventually decided?  Do we know enough to say?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; now...we can return to one of the other side discussions...number schemes or asynchronous release?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yeah, December 2010 sounds okay.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i thought asynchronous releases sounded cool, but mhwood just brought up a good point</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I just come back to grahamtriggs suggestion of a month or so later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood:  we probably don't know enough to say. Though, I have heard generally that people (at least in the DSpace Outreach Group) like the idea of us scheduling our releases out in advance (no matter the timeframe)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn_&gt; mhwood: we're just testing intervals now, right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; 20:40 &lt; mhwood&gt; mdiggory:  I worry about having to ask people *which* DSpace 1.7 they are having trouble with.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: which DSpace 1.7 would be based on a simple list of dependencies installed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; DSpace(core=&gt;1.7.2, api=&gt;1.7.1, xmlui=&gt;1.7.3)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; What is installed can be presented in a Control Panel in the admin UI.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn_&gt; mdiggory: i like that idea! would also be nice to add some sort of indication if an upgrade and/or patch is available...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn_&gt; that might be a little ambitious, though (indications in admin ui)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; caryn_:  you can write that part</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; There is only one DSpace 1.7 / DSpace 10.12 - that is, the overall distribution. No individual artefact that is part of the release - however they are numbered - will be called 'dspace'.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; caryn_: thats how Atlassian does all this... Confluence, JIRA, all are OSGi applications.... download and install a plugin is done via a UI.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; they open sourced this framework....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn_&gt; interesting - i was just thinking about some sort of "hey, there's a new release/patch to check out", not necessarily a "install me" button</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://confluence.atlassian.com/display/PLUGINFRAMEWORK/Plugin+Framework+Developer+Documentation">http://confluence.atlassian.com/display/PLUGINFRAMEWORK/Plugin+Framework+Developer+Documentation</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: although I love that general idea (installing/upgrading plugins via UI)...  I really wonder how easy it would be to "get there"  (i.e. not sure if it's something we'd be able to do immediately for next release)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but thats a wild tangent....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; a good "special topics" meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes. definitely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mdiggory: if we're going on that tangent, worth bearing in mind the Alfresco variation: <a href="http://wiki.alfresco.com/wiki/AMP_Files">http://wiki.alfresco.com/wiki/AMP_Files</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; On version number format:  is there any interaction with Maven on this?  Maven is pretty firm about doing things its own way.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; perhaps we can get some guests fromt eh Fedora side to share their point of view</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; since they are focusing on OSGi lately</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue wrote himself a note about special topics mtg on installing plugins via UI -- will add to list later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: I think the first step would be to get our house in order....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: agreed.  just adding to an ever increasing list of "special topics"  not saying this will happen *soon* :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; project structures, release schedules, etc all good important activities to make our development team more comfortable with change.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm surprised there's no more discussion on the release numbering?  are we generally satisfied with "1.7"?  (we don't need to decide right now...just surprised it's gotten quiet)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Since we don't need to announce soon - can be deliberate further?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I thought we agreed to put that decision off</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd is no longer prepared to have an opinion ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, we can table it then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; be -&gt; we</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm thinking that we need to discuss async release of modules more before we decide on the distribution release id</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, needs more think time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; FYI:  I've been keeping a list of potential "Special Topics" meetings on the Wiki:  <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Special_Topics">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Special_Topics</a>     If you have more ideas, please add some notes to the list (that way there's a list for us to chose from for April's meeting)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: I'd appreciate if you can add a few notes there about async release of modules -- that'd be good to discuss more in depth</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, I can</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd has to go soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Other than that.  we're nearing the top of the hour, so I won't bring up any more topics today.  :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; have a nice evening, all.  meeting is closed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; thanks all &amp; welcome again Peter - bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@dhcp-18-111-9-121.dyn.mit.edu) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Cheers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cheers all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks, everybody.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jat_ysu (~jatrimble@pool-70-17-174-165.pitt.east.verizon.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* keithg (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) Quit (Quit: knocked out by robots)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* caryn_ (~80c8e115@gateway/web/freenode/x-djmvbelnsxfqcfiv) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
