<span class="irc-date">[2:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Josh__ (~c1e1c85d@gateway/web/freenode/x-qjgdluanzevqfnqc) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Josh__ (~c1e1c85d@gateway/web/freenode/x-qjgdluanzevqfnqc) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@fedcommsrv1.nsdlib.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 16:32:05 EDT 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* saeed_ (~saeed@91.98.220.203) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* christof_verdonc (~c1be02fd@gateway/web/freenode/x-fronjdxsabhzjvua) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* christof_verdonc (~c1be02fd@gateway/web/freenode/x-fronjdxsabhzjvua) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* christof_verdonc (~c1be02fd@gateway/web/freenode/x-jmckwzzjxwogegad) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* qwebirc321768 (~c1be02fd@gateway/web/freenode/x-avemqzumaiwhhswx) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bel (~c1be02fd@gateway/web/freenode/x-jqehozqwixidyzgj) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:28]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* christof_verdonc (~c1be02fd@gateway/web/freenode/x-jmckwzzjxwogegad) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* qwebirc321768 (~c1be02fd@gateway/web/freenode/x-avemqzumaiwhhswx) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bel (~c1be02fd@gateway/web/freenode/x-jqehozqwixidyzgj) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* valoriehollister (~440e1e7e@gateway/web/freenode/x-djpsjczgaxqxvqyd) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Hello #duraspace! This is Valorie Hollister, Director of Community Development for the DSpace Project. The DSpace Ambassadors will be holding meetings on the IRC today at 14:00 GMT/UTC, 21:00 GMT/UTC and tomorrow at 05:00 GMT/UTC. This will be the first meeting of the Ambassadors -- and a chance to hear how the new program is going for each country/region. We invite anyone on the #duraspace channel to stay on and contr</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Our first will be starting in 15 minutes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jozsef_bone (~c1e1c85d@gateway/web/freenode/x-wghacdtxamewqkut) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* saeed_ (~saeed@91.98.220.203) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jozsef_bone&gt; Good afternoon/morning/evening to everyone.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* saeedmoaddeli (~saeed@91.98.220.203) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* saeedmoaddeli (~saeed@91.98.220.203) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Monica_ (~81b1435a@gateway/web/freenode/x-ynbzzcibfmyurjrw) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* saeedmoaddeli (~saeed@91.98.220.203) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Greetings Ambassadors!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jozsef_bone&gt; Hi!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Looks like there are a few on...I'll everyone 2 more minutes to sign on.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeedmoaddeli&gt; Hi! :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Let's start with introductions...you all know me already...do others want to jump in?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeedmoaddeli&gt; IRC with voice would be something..:-P</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; it would, Saeed!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; give your name, institution, and what your role is.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; Hi All. I can start introducing myself :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; (and country)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeedmoaddeli&gt; who's first?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; monica?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; I can start</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; I work at the Universitylibrary in Bergen - Norway</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; We had Dspace (BORA) since 2004</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; I am repository manager here, together with Ingrid Cutler</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; do you have any new projects going on for BORA right now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; We have lots of DSpace installations in Norway, as most of the universities and colleges have DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; Yes, actually we do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; We are, right now, in the middle of a pilot where whe are integrating with our research system</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; We are working hard on this - trying to see what we can actually get oa in BORA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; A lot I could say :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; hard to type it all...shall we continue with introductions? Saeed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeedmoaddeli&gt; Sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeedmoaddeli&gt; My name is Saeed Moaddeli</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeedmoaddeli&gt; I am living and working in Iran, Tehran.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeedmoaddeli&gt; I am working in the IT dept. of Encyclopedia of Iranian Architectural History ( <a href="http://eiah.org/en">http://eiah.org/en</a> ) since 2 years ago.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeedmoaddeli&gt; during the period I was dealing with different types of chores here and Dspace is one them, a good one :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Alvin_Hutchinson (~a06ffe11@gateway/web/freenode/x-owklcmunqlkznjic) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeedmoaddeli&gt; we are using Dspace as part of the information architecture at EIAH, as our information pool.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Saeed presented via video link at last year's OR09 user group mtg -- very interesting presentation about EIAH and the many customizations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Anything else to add Saeed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Not sure if we lost Saeed or not...Jozsef do you want to go next?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jozsef_bone&gt; Sure!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jozsef_bone&gt; My name is Jozsef Bone. I'm working at Open Society Archives in Hungary, which is a part of Central European University. My job title is database programmer, but we are dealing with maintaining, and administering the Soros Network Archival Portal (SNAP - DSpace).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* saeedmoaddeli (~saeed@91.98.220.203) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* saeedmoaddeli (~saeed@91.98.220.203) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeedmoaddeli&gt; sorry I was disconnected</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jozsef_bone&gt; Our DSpace acts like a document archive for several foundations of the Soros Institute.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jozsef_bone&gt; We're at the final stage customizing our 1.5.2 XMLUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Anything else, Jozsef?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jozsef_bone&gt; and there are several projects, for example automatically harvest data from several Grant Management Systems, but we're in a very early stage on that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; what are you planning to use to harvest data?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jozsef_bone&gt; we may use SWORD, and the GMS system will push the data into our repository</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; sounds interesting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jozsef_bone&gt; or because of we're talking about sensitive data, we will use a secure connection, mirroring database, and we'll harvest from this local database...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jozsef_bone&gt; it'll be a further decision</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Anything else, Jozsef?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jozsef_bone&gt; I think this is almost all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Alvin would you introduce yourself - name, country, institution, your role and any projects you are currently working on?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Alvin_Hutchinson&gt; Sure . . . I am the Information Services Librarian at the Smithsonian Institution in Washington, DC. We are running a DSpace (1.5.2) repository of mostly reprints of scientific texts but would like to start linking data sets and associated content with the published material.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Alvin_Hutchinson&gt; One thing that is worth mentioning is that almost all repository content is ingested by library staff and not by the user/creator. So we don't have very many individual accounts where users log in and upload papers. It's done by library staff.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Alvin_Hutchinson&gt; I wonder how many other repositories are operated this way and if it is unrealistic to one day expect a (slow) transition to mediated deposit versus upload by the content creator.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Alvin_Hutchinson&gt; Sorry . . . I mean transition FROM mediated TO individual deposit.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; what is others' experience? at your institution is the library uploading or is it the content creator or both?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; We are harvesting both masterthesis and research material from other systems. A part from that it is mostly library staff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:28]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* saeedmoaddeli (~saeed@91.98.220.203) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* saeed_ (~saeed@91.98.220.203) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeed_&gt; We are uploading the material by our staff and not the content creators</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; Are there someone else from other scandinavian countries here??</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; My sense is that this is true for most institutions -- the library is the primary content creator. It seems there are numerous projects like Jozsef's going on in the community -- harvesting metadata from other sources</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Are there any other Ambassadors who haven't introduced themselves?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; If not, I'd like to move on to the next agenda item....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeed_&gt; let's move</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; I'd like to start by asking if any of you have received questions from anyone -- in your official DSpace Ambassador role?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Alvin_Hutchinson&gt; Not as a DSpace Ambassador.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; (and I'd say let's post comments simultaneously )</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeed_&gt; I have  but not as an ambassador</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; So, no one has been contacted as a result of being listed on the Ambassador wiki?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jozsef_bone&gt; No. It seems in Hungary DSpace is not widely-used (hopefully) yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeed_&gt; Actually I didn't mention that I am an ambassador for this project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; I haven actually "spread the word" much yet. I have also had some questions, but not as ambassador</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Who are the questions coming from?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; the wider DSpace community?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeed_&gt; Mine were coming from the local community getting attracted to DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Alvin_Hutchinson&gt; I was contacted by a museum but only via an existing relationship and because they are nearby.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; The questions I have is from both people who are starting to use DSpace, and also people who used it a while but need opinions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeed_&gt; mostly from institutions dealing with a mass of digitized content in the field of cultural heritage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; sounds like people have contacted you all because of your affiliations with your institution/projects....not specifically the ambassador role</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; As I already mentioned we have lots of DSpace in Norway. I am hoping to use the ambassador role to cooperate better with Sweden and Denmark</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeed_&gt; You are right Valorie</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; I think so too Valorie</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; i think there is a good opportunity to network as Monica says....and I think your experience proves that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; Yes - I hope so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; being involved with well know projects is a really key way to network</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; or at least to start a network</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; is there anything else we could/should be doing to promote you all as Ambassadors?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; But I also think we need someone in Noway that has a role internationally that people can ask queations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; Yes. I have differen channels where I can spread the word</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; Norway is a small country :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jozsef_bone&gt; Maybe it's a better approach to group the Ambassador list not by countries, but continents?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Jayan (~daba0af5@gateway/web/freenode/x-rghrnfzqcugoczux) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Alvin_Hutchinson&gt; So I am assuming that the target audience is either those who are considering a repository or those who have launched a Dspace repository but are only just getting started, right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; Yes - or both :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; Then we can also network across borders</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Monica: ahh...you bring up another good point...do any of you have email lists for DSpace users or other simlar related lists? i'm wondering if we should publish such references on a wiki somewhere</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; You mean for DSpace users in our country?? or??</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Alvin: I think it is also the existing user network as well. The more we can advance users talking / meeting together the better. It may be in areas that there are more users the activities are less focused on helping new/potential users and more focused on networking existing users.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* saeed_ (~saeed@91.98.220.203) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Monica: yes, any emal list outside the offical DSpace general, tech or dev lists....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; (poor Saeed! keeps timing out)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; We only have a few more minutes....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; Yes - we have such a list. It is more of a general list for ia in norway</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Can we talk briefly about future mtgs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Alvin_Hutchinson&gt; OK</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jayan&gt; Hi! All</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* saeed_ (~saeed@85.15.47.238) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Monica: I'll start a wiki (or look for an existing one) -- let's post any country/regional lists on it. Link to follow in mtg notes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; Ok :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Hi Jayan! Can you do a quick intro? Everyone else, can you give your opnion about future mtgs? Do we want to have a regular time to chat? If so, what frequency?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jayan&gt; I am with RMIT vietnam campus. In the past I was with NTU Singapore</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jayan&gt; we had DSpace installation successfully done for around 20,000 document</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jayan&gt; looking forward for the next Google summer of code programme</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jayan&gt; <a href="http://repository.ntu.edu.sg/">http://repository.ntu.edu.sg/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* saeed__ (~saeed@91.98.220.203) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jayan&gt; This is the first time attending the meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jayan&gt; looks good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; does anyone think a regular meeting would be helpful? monthly or maybe every other month?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeed__&gt; I thnk a monthly meeting will be helpful</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Jayan: Glad you could make it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeed__&gt; and we can have ambassdors' list active</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; Yes - agree with Saeed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; i think future chats might be easier -- i notice when the committers chat they all chat simultaneuosly -- and don't worry about 'interrupting' each other. it is a new way to 'meet' for many of us</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; Chatting is kind of slow, so we should have the list active as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; ok...does this time (or the other options) work ok for all of you?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* saeed_ (~saeed@85.15.47.238) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; it is impossible to make it perfect for all...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jayan&gt; ok with me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; Works for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Alvin_Hutchinson&gt; Sure.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeed__&gt; OK with me too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; ok....i'll get feedback from the other chats and we'll come up w/a plan via our list.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeed__&gt; great</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; lastly, does anyone have any questions?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; Not right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeed__&gt; I have one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeed__&gt; are we going to do anything special for OR10?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeed__&gt; something like a presentation for achievements of the ambassadors?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Elin Stangeland is the program chair for the DSpace user group mtg -- somewhere in that mtg we will talk about the ambassador program</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Alvin_Hutchinson (~a06ffe11@gateway/web/freenode/x-owklcmunqlkznjic) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeed__&gt; Good.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; at a minumum i will probably give a commutity update w/the ambassador program included</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; the feedback that i get on the program is consistently positive -- people think it is a great idea.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; the Fedora community also wants to develop their own ambassador program too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; any other questions?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jayan&gt; no</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeed__&gt; one more</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeed__&gt; there must be some brief intro about the other system, Fedora available to Dspace ambassadors</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Jayan (~daba0af5@gateway/web/freenode/x-rghrnfzqcugoczux) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; Maybe links to Fedora info on the wiki?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Saeed: there is a good summary spec sheet... one moment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; <a href="http://duraspace.org/images/specsheet_Fedora.jpg">http://duraspace.org/images/specsheet_Fedora.jpg</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; there is also one for DSpace: <a href="http://duraspace.org/images/specsheet_DSpace.jpg">http://duraspace.org/images/specsheet_DSpace.jpg</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; these give an overview in as equivelent terms as possible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; For those who need to leave the mtg, thank you for attending! I'll be posting the transcript and summary notes after all the mtgs today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; Great</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Saeed, do those spec sheets help?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* saeed__ (~saeed@91.98.220.203) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* saeed__ (~saeed@85.15.47.238) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Are there any other questions? I'll be here for a bit if anything comes up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeed__&gt; Valorie: sorry I got disconnected.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeed__&gt; specs + the differences will be helpful</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; Yes. It is good to know some basics about other systems if asked</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* saeed_ (~saeed@91.98.220.203) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; as you may know it is hard to describe the differences in a lot of detail -- since some attributes that no equvilences.  i have another document that someone did last year (not anyone from DuraSpace/Fedora-Commons/DSpace) --  i can send this out to the ambassador list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeed_&gt; thanks, it will be great</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeed_&gt; Valorie: Thanks for making this mtg possible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeed_&gt; See you all next time :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Talk to you all next month! Thanks all for joining... and thanks Saeed for your persistence!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeed_&gt; ;)sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jozsef_bone&gt; All the best!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jozsef_bone&gt; Bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jozsef_bone (~c1e1c85d@gateway/web/freenode/x-wghacdtxamewqkut) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;saeed_&gt; Bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* saeed_ (~saeed@91.98.220.203) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Monica_&gt; bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Monica_ (~81b1435a@gateway/web/freenode/x-ynbzzcibfmyurjrw) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:18]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* saeed__ (~saeed@85.15.47.238) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cwilper (~cwilper@74-44-155-90.dsl1-erie.roch.ny.frontiernet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* birkland (~4a4f2024@gateway/web/freenode/x-ovaqroinqgjmmdvo) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Dan_Davis (~43f11873@gateway/web/freenode/x-ltibsswgplrorkbu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; <a href="http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/FCREPO/2010-02-16+-+Committer+Meeting">http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/FCREPO/2010-02-16+-+Committer+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sbayliss (~IceChat7@188-222-88-173.zone13.bethere.co.uk) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddie1415 (~52e0627a@gateway/web/freenode/x-oxbpfzaavcyftyuf) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* barmintor (barmintor@specdl11.cul.columbia.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* anarchivist (~anarchivi@unaffiliated/anarchivist) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;barmintor&gt; <a href="http://lib.stanford.edu/searchworks/introducing-blacklight">http://lib.stanford.edu/searchworks/introducing-blacklight</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (~awoods@pool-71-163-36-186.washdc.east.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;barmintor&gt; also <a href="http://projectblacklight.org/">http://projectblacklight.org/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; <a href="http://project-voldemort.com/design.php">http://project-voldemort.com/design.php</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;eddie1415&gt; <a href="http://www.sonatype.com/books/mvnref-book/reference/pom-relationships-sect-version-ranges.html">http://www.sonatype.com/books/mvnref-book/reference/pom-relationships-sect-version-ranges.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;barmintor&gt; fedora-system:3/getAuditData (or something like it) makes sense to me, as well.  +1 for Steve's idea.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* valoriehollister (~440e1e7e@gateway/web/freenode/x-djpsjczgaxqxvqyd) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* birkland (~4a4f2024@gateway/web/freenode/x-ovaqroinqgjmmdvo) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddie1415 (~52e0627a@gateway/web/freenode/x-oxbpfzaavcyftyuf) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* anarchivist (~anarchivi@unaffiliated/anarchivist) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* barmintor (barmintor@specdl11.cul.columbia.edu) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Richard (~9386c9f1@gateway/web/freenode/x-qnexdmxooryuylsh) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Richard is now known as Guest86575</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Guest86575 (~9386c9f1@gateway/web/freenode/x-qnexdmxooryuylsh) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sten_ (~814e4065@gateway/web/freenode/x-udduibzybuhkztln) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Richard_Jizba (~9386c9f1@gateway/web/freenode/x-uxbebaccwjovezlx) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ValorieHollister (~440e1e7e@gateway/web/freenode/x-lvotpfzarpkkkjdv) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Hello #duraspace! This is Valorie Hollister, Director of Community Development for the DSpace Project. The DSpace Ambassadors will be holding meetings on the IRC today at 21:00 GMT/UTC and tomorrow at 05:00 GMT/UTC. This will be the first meeting of the Ambassadors -- and a chance to hear how the new program is going for each country/region. We invite anyone on the #duraspace channel to stay on and contribute.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Our next meeting will be starting in 2 minutes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Greetings Ambassadors!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; Hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* alidigitalis (~chatzilla@va-67-233-102-229.sta.embarqhsd.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Let's start with introductions...everyone already knows me....would someone like to jump in and introduce themselves?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sten_ (~814e4065@gateway/web/freenode/x-udduibzybuhkztln) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Name, country, institution, your role and any current projects you are working on or happenings in your country/region</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sten_christensen (~814e4065@gateway/web/freenode/x-qvfpnoatsuofbabi) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; I have not had anyone contact me as a DSpace ambassador, but we are moving forward with DSpace here at Creighton U. We have hired another reference librarian who will help develop our DSpace service. One of the the other libraries on campus is very interested in joining our efforts.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; My "ambassador" role is internal to my institution.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Hi Richard - how is the project going? are you getting close to a launch?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sten_christensen&gt; Hello I am Sten Christensen from the University of Sydney Australia and I mamange the Sydney eScholarship Repository.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Good morning, Sten</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; We have launched the service (Bluebrary) andare working on some small projects. The group preparing for the next accreditation visit will likely use DSpace to manage the documentation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; We are also using it for e theses &amp; disserations, newsletters, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;alidigitalis&gt; anson parker, used to work for the marshall foundation here in the usa, used to use all greenstone, now moving in to dspace mostly because i'm a huge joomla fan and figure it'll be great for making things look nice + reach larger audience  working with 1,000,000 pages or so of microfilm data, scanned pages, maps, photos, slides, videos, audio etc...   it's mostly a labor of love at this point :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Richard_Jizba: do you have a public URL for Bluebrary yet? I think we don't have you listed on the "Who's using DSpace" list yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sten_christensen&gt; We use Dspace to archive all manner of objects from text (theses, articels, working papers ... ) images, audio and video. WE very much try to captuer thoese things that are in danger of begin lost or would benifit from going into the puclic domain</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; One issue that we had to deal with was changing a collection of lectures (PDFs with mp3 audiofiles from public/anonymous access to a more restricted status. Turns out that isn't so easy to do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; alidigitalis: what is the status of the marshall foundation project?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;alidigitalis&gt; ValorieHollister: an absolute disaster</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;alidigitalis&gt; they lost a ton of cash during the last economic meltdown :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;alidigitalis&gt; now i'm setting it up on an old server running vmware :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Richard_Jizba: did you do a local customization for the access or were you able to re-use someone else's work?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;alidigitalis&gt; it's a disaster except that the data is all there...  ~100,000 pages of pdf's have already been ocr'd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;alidigitalis&gt; ~1,000 hours of video</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;alidigitalis&gt; ~500 full size maps from the 1800-1930's 10,000 slides... it's a great collection, just now getting volunteers online to contribute metadata</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;alidigitalis&gt; yet another reason for getting in to joomla + dspace... it's much simpler for getting individuals to fix errors and revise the metadata</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; alidigitalis: sounds like a big project.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;alidigitalis&gt; it's huge.... and all sitting in a basement in the middle of nowhere</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; alidigitalis: are you using the Wijit Joomla work?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; or something else?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;alidigitalis&gt; there are probably another 10,000,000 pages of data waiting to get scannerd - yes - i'm just getting in to the Wijit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; alidigitalis: this would be a great thing to have as a news piece at some point -- pls keep me posted on your work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; may as well introduce myself... Kim Shepherd from LCoNZ (Waikato, AUT, Otago, Unitec) in New Zealand. i'm not an ambassador, just a committer lurking and listening in the background :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Hi Kim!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;alidigitalis&gt; I've installed it, i'm using the jumpbox dspace -  would like to get it done today.. i'm trying to get the import from dspace to greenstone now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;alidigitalis&gt; (oh yeah, i'm no ambassador either, just a happy nerd in charlottesville on a snow day :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Welcome!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;alidigitalis&gt; probably the most interesting thing about this project is the most recent project - 1,000 pages have been given metadata by complete strangers volunteering on the net....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; impressive...there must be some compelling content.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Let's move onto the next agenda item...one what, if any questions you have rec'd so far as a result of your Ambassador role?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;alidigitalis&gt; run through an approval filter of course...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; I'm particularly interested to hear if anybody here runs a repository that is primarily non-English, and if they have any frustrations with translations, locales, and keeping up with DSpace news/announcements (since we mostly just post them to the english dspace-* mailing lists)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Sounds like Richard has been working his campus</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; Valorie: It doesn't look like there are any training workshops in the central U.S. anytime soon. If I have two people who I would like get dspace / manakin training sometime in the next 3 months, what are my options.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; more ...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Mark Wood, another not-ambassador, US, Indiana University - Purdue University Indianapolis, sysadmin &amp; code monkey, also lurking.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Richard_Jizba: Have you spoken w/anyone at NITLE?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; I can do most of it, but I also want them to meet and talk with others.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sten_christensen&gt; I've only just become and Ambassador, however we've been feilding questions for thelast 4 years. THe main question has been which platorm should I use and why DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; No, I didn't see anything listed on the NITLE site.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Richard_Jizba: you could also have them go through the DSpace Course that Stuart Lewis and Chris Yates put together. It is great.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; I'll grab the link.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; <a href="http://www.dspace.org/training-materials/Training-Materials.html">http://www.dspace.org/training-materials/Training-Materials.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Richard_Jizba: you may also want to email NITLE to see if they'd be willing to set something up. The challenge is to get enough interested people to make it worth their while.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; Valorie: I am using Stuart Lewis' materials, and it's helpful -- broad in scope, but only very elementary.  I will contact NITLE.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; sten_christensen: do you have any good references for why someone should use DSpace? this came up in the mtg this morning...there are some spec sheets on DSpace and Fedora that we put together that might be helpful: <a href="http://duraspace.org/images/specsheet_DSpace.jpg">http://duraspace.org/images/specsheet_DSpace.jpg</a> and <a href="http://duraspace.org/images/specsheet_Fedora.jpg">http://duraspace.org/images/specsheet_Fedora.jpg</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; I also have a comparative analysis that was NOT done by DuraSpace/Fedora/DSpace -- although we were consulted on it. I will send this as a f/u attachment on the Ambassador list.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Richard_Jizba: My understanding is NITLE had an excellent resource for the Manakin training -- there fellow named Eric (NOT Eric Jansen)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; sorry don't remember Eric the fellow's last name</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sten_christensen&gt; We have few, mainly it's out of the box;, you can be up an running in a day or two; submission interface ready to go; works with handles and a very large and active user community as well a very actitive tech list is very helpful.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; Valorie: We aren't members of NITLE, which may be a problem (?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; Probably Eric Luhrs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Richard_Jizba: that sounds right -- shouldn't be a problem not to be a member -- last time i spoke w/them in Aug/Sep they were interested in pursuing training as another revenue stream. not sure where it is now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; OK. Will do. If we set something up I'll invite others to attend. Do you have a list of users for the North Central U.S.?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; sten_christensen: those sound like the common selling points -- the comparative analysis i'll send later has a lot more detail -- it may or may not be useful -- but i'll send it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Richard_Jizba: Sounds good. I would suggest sending a msg to the DSpace general list -- but I can also get you a list of users in northe central USA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; does anyone else have some helpful info / anaylsis on why choose DSpace?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sten_christensen&gt; ValorieHollister: Our ain selling pint is that user come to us an we can demonstrate DSpace, from here we go into greater details, but a comparative analysis would be very useful.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sbayliss (~IceChat7@188-222-88-173.zone13.bethere.co.uk) Quit (Quit: bye!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; kshepherd: Not sure that we have anyone from non-English repos on the chat right now....but I think this is an excellent discussion to have.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; I've been talking w/Tim about this as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, our decision is some years ago, but FWIW:  we compared DSpace and Fedora.  DSpace was ready-to-run, and Fedora was more like a wonderful toybox full of parts that could be used to assemble a repository.  We needed to be up in a short time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; I convinced one of the other libraries on campus that they should use our DSpace installation rather than go with BPress.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; yeah open source!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sten_christensen&gt; mhwood: this was our situation and thats what we explain to people.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; kshepherd: on translations/communications - i think we should have an ambassador mtg focused on this -- perhaps invite you/Claudia to provide more info/context on it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; one thing that came up this morning is that if there are country/regional mailing lists for DSpace (or related) it would be good to make a wiki (or update an existing one if there is one) so that we start by knowing what lists are out there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; basically, we're worried that non-english users could be frustrated or even alienated by the lack of up-to-date translations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; so when info/communcation happens we can make sure it gets to other lists</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; every time a feature is added to xmlui or jspui, we tend to only update the english messages.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, the developers all speak Java, but many don't speak &lt;your language&gt;.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sten_christensen&gt; ValorieHollister: A regional mailing list would be very helpful would you enviage the Ambassadors maintining and updating it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; it would be great if there was a group of people who could help add suggestions when we add features that involve new "i18n keys" (ie. translatable labels)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; kshepherd: yes, i think this is a really good point  - there could be non-english frustration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We need to have people with high skill in &lt;insert language here&gt; who would be willing to *maintain* translations as the software evolves, working with the coders.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We probably also need some tools or procedures which will highlight changes to the default message catalog, so that translators can readily see where their skills are needed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; sten_christensen: i know there are a number of lists out there -- it seems in non-english counrties in particular. if they don't exist it would be a great thing for the ambassadors to create/mtn or to delegate to someone.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; mhwood: my understanding is the &lt;insert language&gt; expert does NOT need to necessarily be a developer -- helpful if they know XML, correct?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sten_christensen&gt; ValorieHollister: I'll try and get one together for Australia very soon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Correct to a certain extent.  It depends on the nature of the message.  I can imagine cases in which it would be helpful to be able to read the surrounding code.  But then, you could just ask the coders for clarification.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i don't think XML knowledge is even necessary</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; we should be able to use a tool like "Pootle" or even just harness the wiki to list keys, their current English translations, and accept suggestions for the other various languages</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But yes, most of the messages should be about what the user wants to do, not intimately concerned with how DSpace will do it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; mhwood and kshepherd: I would suggest we have further discussion about language issues as the possible topic of the ambassadors next mtg....as we are running short of time to do it justice now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; sounds great</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; and i'd like some non-english people to chime in too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; let us know which time zone is likely to have the most international ambassadors, perhaps, so we can get the timing right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; probably the 14:00 and 5:00 GMT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;alidigitalis&gt; how large are the messages that need translation.... i'm hispanic fwiw</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; ok...next agenda item....future mtgs....do the ambassadors here think it is useful to meet regularly? if so, how frequent?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; the suggestion this morning was monthly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; alidigitalis: they're just single words or single phrases, mostly.. labels that appear on the home page like "View Statistics" or "Edit this Item"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;alidigitalis&gt; kshepherd: how many pages?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; alidigitalis: i'll chat more with you in #dspace, dont' want to derail Valorie's meeting too much :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;alidigitalis&gt; right on :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; does a monthly mtg make sense to you all or should we call mtgs as needed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; (i.e., can we accomplish what we need to via Google Groups?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sten_christensen&gt; ValorieHollister: Meetings a good way get discuss our issues, so I think it would be usefu, but possibly every 6 months perhaps as most of us are on various lists.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Richard, do you have an opinion?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; Valorie, yes ...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; I think this meeting seemed a little random. Interesting, but random.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Richard_Jizba: it was just our intro mtg, but in the future would you suggest more topic based mtgs? do you have other ideas of what would be helpful to you?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; sorry, hope my i18n stuff didn't derail the agenda</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; The issue about translation isn't a priority for me, although I can see how it would be for others. One of the people I want to receive training is fluent in several languages. Maybe someday he can help.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; kshepherd: no worries....good to hear from you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; Same for me. I'm glad to know about the issue. Our issues right now are simply developing our system.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; Here's an example of where we are at ...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; An issue I encountered here: I set up a collection administrator. She added a pdf to an item, then realized after she went all the way through the approval steps that it was the wrong file. As a collection administrator she could not delete it. I think she could withdraw it, but that wasn't what she wanted to do. It doesn't look to me like collection administrators have the authority to delete items from their collections</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; ahh....Kim or Mark can help....but I think 1.6 is going to have the ability to distibute admin rights.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; Richard_Jizba: the "delegated admins" patch which is in DSpace 1.6 fixes up a lot of those annoyances with collection administrator roles</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; if anybody here would like to try out 1.6 without building it themselves, they can register an eperson on <a href="http://testathon.net">http://testathon.net</a> and email stuart@stuartlewis.com to get admin privileges</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sten_christensen&gt; I need to leave for my next appointment, look forword to the next meeting and further discussion on the group. I'll try an get a regional email address together soon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; Yeah, I saw that. But as the local go to guy (the internal ambassador if you will) it wasn't an easy question to resolve.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; yes...testathon going on this wk.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sten_christensen (~814e4065@gateway/web/freenode/x-qvfpnoatsuofbabi) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Richard_Jizba: did you post to the list?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; Richard_Jizba: yeah, it was a problem for me at my institutions too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; The documentation says what you can do, but it also needs to point out what you can't do. I keep running into these gray areas.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; hmmmm. not sure if Tim tdonhue is watching....but Tim, is the grey area Richard mentions above in your "Tips &amp; Tricks" guide?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The whole authorization model needs some thought.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Here is a link to Tim's preso that has been very helpful to others -- not sure if it would have this in it or not: <a href="http://www.dspace.org/training-materials/DSpace-How-To-Guide-Tips-and-Tricks-for-Managing-Common-Dspace-Chores.html">http://www.dspace.org/training-materials/DSpace-How-To-Guide-Tips-and-Tricks-for-Managing-Common-Dspace-Chores.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ValorieHollister: just catching up.  Currently the "Tips &amp; Tricks" (or How To Guide) is a bit out of date, and isn't updated for latest features.  The most recent 1.6 documentation is vastly improved though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; tdonohue: but new doc won't cover what you CAN'T do in DSpace, right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; the new documentation doesn't necessarily detail what you *can't* do...that's correct.  I think it's more oriented towards what is possible.  If gray areas keep popping up, that's something we can work to document better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; in general, before 1.6, our DSpace docs were lacking -- we're working to clean up the areas where they were lacking, and hoping to produce much more detailed and better docs going forward  (they still may not be perfect with 1.6 -- but they are getting much better....and we appreciate any feedback or comments to make them even better)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think people come with expectations learned in other kinds of applications and are surprised when DSpace doesn't work the same way.  Their expectations are reasonable, and DSpace's behavior is reasonable, but they don't match.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Richard_Jizba: it maybe helpful if you start to keep a list of the grey areas or 'can't dos' -- and we can start to help the community fill in the gap you point out. i can start a page in the ambassador google group if you'd be willing to do so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; Valorie, one thing that "troubles" me as an ambassador is that I don't really understand how DSpace / DuraSpace is organized. Admittedly all of my experience is with commerical vendors. I know, or think I know how they are organized, who my customer service rep is, how to get tech support. That's the one issue that other people have with DSpace: it's different and they want need some way to understand it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mhwood: a "DSpace guide for [EPrints|DigitalCommons|etc] admins", along the lines of "Solaris guide for Linux admins" guides you see around, might be helpful?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; Does this make sense? That was what amazed me about convincing the other library to use DSpace rather than BPress. I had to follow some sales / marketing people. Jokes, aside, what they have to offer seems more concrete.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; totally understandable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Richard_Jizba: DuraSpace is the non-profit org that supports DSpace, Fedora, Mulgara and in the future DuraCloud. As an open source project DSpace is supported by the community of users. The roadmap and improvements to DSpace are guided by DuraSpace staff -- but the decisions about what to include and the work is done by volunteers from the community.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.  Your customer service rep. is "everyone", and tech support is the mailing list.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; perhaps an "introduction to open source communities" is also necessary</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Richard_Jizba: yes, but you have to pay for it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; kshepherd:  that's not really the kind of comparison I was thinking of, but I need to ponder what it was I *was* thinking of.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; Valorie: Absolutely. I'm very happy with DSpace, so I'm not trying to be critical, just trying to point out a general issue in terms of convincing others.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; I need help explaining the difference.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd nods</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; FOSS is less like a business relationship and more like a neighborhood.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; The official mtg time is done (well, over time actually). I will stay on and chat as long as there is interest. Thank you to all for joining the discussion. I will be posting notes and summaries to the wiki -- and annoucning it on the lists. If you have more feedback on future mtgs (either timing or content) please email me at vhollister@duraspace.org.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; Right, but something breaks or doesn't work right, it's like wandering around the neighborhood asking if someone can help. (Not is willing to help, but can actually be helpful.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I guess the difficulty is that it takes some time to learn that the guy across the street is really good with small engines, and the family two doors down are outstanding gardeners.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; as long as dspace-tech is active, reponsive, and accurate, there are definitely enough clued-up helpful people to give support and advice and help log bugs when they arise</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Richard_Jizba: I think it really depends on the priority and nees of your institution.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; in saying that, i've seen questions go unanswered on dspace-tech before and i myself am less active now than i was 6 months ago</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OTOH in a physical neighborhood you can't just speak a question and have hundreds of people hear it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Do you have customizations you will need to make? Can you get them done locally with little or no extra cost? Or can you spend money on a commerical product?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; perseverence goes a long way ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I suppose my point is that there is help available, but getting it takes a different skill set, one you might not think to employ at first.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; perserverence and as much detail (logs, etc) as possible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Richard_Jizba:  that can unfortunately be true at times.  As much as we all try to help out on dspace-tech mailing list (or elsewhere), it all comes down to whether someone has time to volunteer to help out or  has seen that problem and can answer it immediately.    The other thing to note is that because DSpace has such an active community, we now also have several vendors who are willing to help out if paid (similar to any commer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: you got cut off at "similar to any commer"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Time is one factor.  Another is, "I'd really like to help that person but I don't yet know that area of DSpace well enough to be useful."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ack..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt;  (similar to any commercial software, some of those vendors can provide you with extra services for a fee).  So, if an institution is "really stuck" and cannot find a volunteer to help, you still have the option of paying someone to help.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, i still hope in the end, we can find better models to help people out -- whether it be better docs, more "how to" guides, more tutorials, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Richard_Jizba: have you ever logged into this chat for help? someone is usually here...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; Tim: I agree. Is there a list of vendors or experts for hire? I'm mosting looking for training support.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Again, though, you probably don't go back to the builder to get your house painted; you look through a list of painters to find one who sounds like a good fit.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="http://www.dspace.org/service-providers/Service-Providers.html">http://www.dspace.org/service-providers/Service-Providers.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; NITLE and @mire are the ones I know of in the USA that do training.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That's our list of service providers.  We've also noted which of these service providers give back to the software (through code, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sorry, gotta take my terrible analogies and go now....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; Valore &amp; everyone: this is a good conversation. Unfortunately, I have to leave (I need to get to a class). I will look forward to more meetings. I have already sent an e-mail to NITLE.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Have a good afternoon/evening!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Richard_Jizba&gt; You too. Bye!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Richard_Jizba (~9386c9f1@gateway/web/freenode/x-uxbebaccwjovezlx) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cbeer (~chris@dsl092-069-087.bos1.dsl.speakeasy.net) Quit (Quit: cbeer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ValorieHollister (~440e1e7e@gateway/web/freenode/x-lvotpfzarpkkkjdv) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@pool-71-163-36-186.washdc.east.verizon.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 256 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ValorieHollister (~440e1e7e@gateway/web/freenode/x-uvcpesursahznxtx) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Hello #duraspace! This is Valorie Hollister, Director of Community Development for the DSpace Project. The DSpace Ambassadors will be holding meetings on the IRC today at 05:00 GMT/UTC. This will be the first meeting of the Ambassadors -- and a chance to hear how the new program is going for each country/region. We invite anyone on the #duraspace channel to stay on and contribute.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ValorieHollister&gt; Our meeting will begin in 8 minutes.</span><br />
