<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2010-07-02
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[4:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* snail (~stuart@130.195.86.37) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-217-116.sd.sd.cox.net) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 20:32:05 UTC 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- [freenode-info] please register your nickname...don't forget to auto-identify! <a href="http://freenode.net/faq.shtml#nicksetup">http://freenode.net/faq.shtml#nicksetup</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Ping timeout: 265 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega&gt; morning</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega&gt; i will be around waiting for the meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega_ (~pvillega@86.47.50.67) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) Quit (Ping timeout: 248 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Ping timeout: 265 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bojans (~Bojmen@91.118.67.67) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-217-116.sd.sd.cox.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega_&gt; hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* gsoc_yigang (~chatzilla@220.114.87.78) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; Hi everybody</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gsoc_yigang&gt; Hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Welcome to the first formal DSpace GSoC Meeting where we have all students together.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; At this point, I did disclose that we would hold this meeting in the DSpace Developers IRC meeting on Wednesday, so there will hopefully be some other developers making their way in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'll try to moderate this initial meeting and setup a informal agenda.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega_&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 1.) Lets start with any technical issues or questions around development (such as svn access, maven, build environments)...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 2.) We could review current projects briefly, the goal being to expose the common areas of DSpace your all working on.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 3.) I we can discuss the status session of the DSpace Committers meeting on monday, and what it should be covering about your projects.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega_&gt; so, where do we start?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So to start things off simply, I believe we have everyone in the svn and the only ones I've not seen project spaces / commiting yet is krnl_ and bojans.  are you setup properly at this time?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; For me, I have an account from the last year, and it was working when I tried it a month ago.. so I have access there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; i will probably need a place in sandbox</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; but currently playing around locally</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; krnl_: There are two approaches we can take with "storage", (1) is to place your work directly in the <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-storage">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-storage</a> (2) branch the codebase for dspace trunk if you need it into the sandbox</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm trying to promote your working within the modules project spaces as much as possible, and only in the sandbox where the project requires branching dspace code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; Ok I have just verified it again and svn works for me, the location is <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/rest/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/rest/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; i think i will need a location for dspace-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; and storage-legacy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; also probably dspace-xmlui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; krnl_: I assume will storage legacy be new code?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; well, maybe parts from dspace-api will go there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega__ (~pvillega@86.47.50.67) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I will recommend that you try to (1) keep any modifications to dspace-api/xmlui in a branch that would become a patch to the dspace trunk (2) use modules for code that will be separate addons such as a LegacyDSpaceStorageProvider</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; storage-legacy will be LegacyDSpaceStorageProvider</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; everything else is ok with me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; How much do you anticipate needing to change the dspace-api to create a storage provider?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; after a week of experiments on it, i think i will try make them as little as possible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega_ (~pvillega@86.47.50.67) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; but still tehre will be some</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; What is the nature of the changes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; probably moving out BitstreamStorageManager, DSpaceManager etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; i'm actually still trying various combinations here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; and my proposal is that dspace-api is modified minimally and integration of storage-api is started on surrounding modules instead</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; I'v been working on changes in dspace-api from last week, faced a lot of problems and probably leaning towards "gutting  and wiring in" storage-api into DSpaceObjects as a first step. Second step should probably be dspace-xmui modification.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; For others wondering where this is... <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/GSOC10+-+Backport+of+DSpace+2+Storage+Services+API+for+DSpace+1.x">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/GSOC10+-+Backport+of+DSpace+2+Storage+Services+API+for+DSpace+1.x</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; this is a little bit outdated, i will update that in next few days</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; In terms of the status updates, it would be best if everyone updated their wiki pages (I know some of you have) then get something out to the list asap.  I will be traveling over the weekend and it would be good to have the most uptodate information on your project while I'm in the air.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; for krnl_, I think a separate storage-api project would be sufficent for the storage api and mixins in dspace2.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I had actually pulled them out in a local workspace and placed them into dspace-services in the same location they were in within dspace2.  If this would be easier or more helpful for you, we can place them there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Sorry, this was incorrect, I placed it into a new separate project... just to make sure you are aware of it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-storage/trunk/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-storage/trunk/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; i'm experimenting with it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This is a first point of overlap on gsoc_yigang's project and yours</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; gsoc_yigang is implementing the semantic storage provider (tupelo) by implementing this API project.  What would be good to see is a possible collaboration/note taking activity on the API in the wiki.  We could really use a critique of the API, trying to identify its weaknesses</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; your in a unique position because you have already worked with this API and Fedora, and now with DSpace Legacy, gsoc_yigang  will be looking at it based on Tupelo.  We need to know if the API makes sense or not for interacting with these storage systems.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Aaron Zeckoski and I designed the API while considering the implementation of it on JCR/Jackrabbit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; But towards the end of the 2.0 funded development, this compromises were made in an attempt to "get to a running demostration"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; One of these included the creation of StorageRelation, which needs to probably go away</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; are you two comfortable with getting together online and collaborating on some critiquing of the api?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; email is usually better for that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gsoc_yigang&gt; email and irc are both OK for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I would recommend email, but capturing the major points your project wiki afterwards.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bojans: Can you also voice any current concerns you have with the storage api based on our previous discussions about using it in your project?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; For REST part there will be general necessity to use new points for invormation retrieval.. so I am working to prepare the REST module e.g. change current code and introduce new one on such way that these modifications cost less</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; Also we had discussions before.. I think for the storage api - triplestore we will need to introduce new or at least rivise current relations (ds:....)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Initially I know you had concerns about using it due to the startup timing of krnl_'s project, do you think we are going to end up with two different variants of the REST API initially?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; From Aarons feedback from last week I started to work on both point and relation driven approach, which should coexist together</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; The relation driven one would be just an addition to current one, giving more options to the users and better control on requests/reponses</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; So from this point and experiments I had so far, I think we could have one variant at the end.. and maybe there will be some limitations (documented) related to differences in both versions (1.x and 2.x)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; krnl_ and gsoc_yigang : I did have a conversation with bojans about some of the issues and design direction behind the storage api, which bojans reposted to the lsitserv.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; i read it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; please to review it and borrow wherever it is useful</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gsoc_yigang&gt; OK, where's the conversation log? I've not read it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; GSoC student list, my last email with subject Status update</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; no REST / Storage comments</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gsoc_yigang&gt; Thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; This is generally related to storage approach</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; Because many underlying things should be defined or decided on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I was trying to get a link to it here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?forum_name=dspace-gsoc-student">http://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?forum_name=dspace-gsoc-student</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but it seems to not be current... Please look in your email</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I agree, I know I've said I have some changes in the api that I am working on, due to OR10 and other obligations those are not complete yet. Plus the development was slower on the api changes because I was trying to keep the current storage implementations tests passing at the same time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; understandable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I also would like to consider if this api changing activity might better be a project for you guys to be doing as part of your project?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; i was thinking on proposing that i will overtake it till some level</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; I could probably for on it also up to some level as the effort on main project may be variable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This would be very helpful and I think it would be appropriate.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; gsoc_yigang: how much has you work depended on the current storage-api? I assume significantly?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gsoc_yigang&gt; I've just refactored the whole architecture to introduce a new service: TupeloService</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gsoc_yigang&gt; The TupeloService and its implementation has been developed with unit tests.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So on your project, we are not at the point where there is any reliance on the existing storage-api correct?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gsoc_yigang&gt; I'm working on developing TupeloStorageService based on TupeloService.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ok, so at this point, having the API present, even if it breaking other service tests such as JCR is acceptable?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; pvillega__: I expect you to be keeping us aware we need to be using test driven development practices here ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; :D he is using tests, is fine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; right now my concern, but I think we can discuss it later, is if the changes they will do to the content package won't impact my tests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; but it is a minor concern</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I expect, given we are working in branches/modules that we can develop a process that assures testing works across the different projects?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; yes, as I documented in the wiki, I created a new module for the testing, where all test cases can be added. So new modules can benefit from the infrastructure prepared for DSpace unit tests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Speaking of which... pvillega__: I do have a topic for us to discuss concerning CI for the projects... In your testing approach are you using any CI setup at the moment?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; there are some concerns there (on the current test module), but maybe we should finish the discussion you were having .</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; on the CI, it should work straight away with Maven and CI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* gsoc_yigang (~chatzilla@220.114.87.78) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think we are at the point where we can switch topics.... krnl_ I'm planning to commit the API / Test changes to storage-api and storage-impl and you can pick them up from there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* gsoc_yigang (~chatzilla@220.114.87.78) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; it will break, but that is motivation to move it forward as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so pvillega__ how much of what you modified in the branch was outside of <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/sandbox/gsoc/2010/testing/dspace-test/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/sandbox/gsoc/2010/testing/dspace-test/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; mmm i would say only a change in pom.xml, I moved all top dspace-test. My concern was more on changes to dspaceobject, but thinking about it, should not be a problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; the only think I don't like (As I mentioned in the mail) is that I had to replicate part of the filesystem of dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; config, license, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; i can't see a better solution, but we should find one :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; What I am going to suggest is trying to see if we can get some initial usage of your test harness.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; yes, it should be ready</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; a question for everyone, just verifying.... what are your development environemtns / IDE?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; eclipse</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; netbeans</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; netbeans 6.9/kubuntu 9.10</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gsoc_yigang&gt; eclipse</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ok, so in each of the cases, we can checkout separate codebases as projects or modules in the IDE.  pvillega__ do you think it would be in scope for you come up with direction for the others that might allow them to be able to checkout dspace-test into their workspace and run the tests against local code changes they are making?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ideally this would be with just the test harness, not your branch of the other project code like dspace-api / etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; mmm yes, I can document it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; well, it should be as simple as them downloading the code and merging it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and moving back a step, do you think this would be useful in their development process?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; well, TDD is always good, makes you think a bit more on the code and captures errors</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; even if it takes some time from their project, it would eb good long term</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; that said, I think some were already using unit tests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; if that system was working for them, that could be ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; I'm thinking that they are not using the Dspace database but other storage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes they are, as dspace2 uses tests originally</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; so probably myc lasses, whichuse h2 in memory to replicate the environment, would not benefit them too much</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; so probably my classes, which use h2 in memory to replicate the environment, would not benefit them too much</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; per storage... right, not yet using dspace db... but krnl_'s work may hit core classes and the database with changes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; then, yes, it may be useful for him</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the storage-db implementation initially is testing against DERBY and HSQLDB</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/storage-db/trunk/src/main/java/org/dspace/services/storage/database/StorageEntityDAO.java">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/storage-db/trunk/src/main/java/org/dspace/services/storage/database/StorageEntityDAO.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; i had issues with hsqldb, that's why i moved to h2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; but it should not be a problem to go back if required, to hsqldb</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I do wonder if this can be made a bit more flexible, I'm concerned about seeing decisions on database environment hardcoded in the implementation classes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; the mock class I have takes the configuration form dspace.cfg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so db driver / url / etc?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; yes. But right now, the postgresql/oracle presence in the code is "strong" at the very least, so some changes are required</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; I solved that via a mock of DatabaseManager</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Understandable... very understandable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; but the original class has many "if oracle then else"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, those are very troublesome.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; I have a question, there is any plan of integating an ORM into DSpace?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; like Hibernate?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; in Spring, one might use JDBCtempaltes to encapsulate that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I know of interested parties that have experimented</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; that would solve many problems</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Andrea Bollini for one...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This is where some design and technology direction in the DSpace community needs to happen.  There was a rather ambitious project the Jim Rutherford started while at HP prior to the dspace2 work... this refactored all the DSpaceObject classes into DAO... but there were other extenuating circumstances that lead to the demise of that branch.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but the goal was to at least peal off the database persistence code from the DSpaceObjects and encapsulate that in DAO objects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; after which that layer could be reimplemented in a number of ways, one of which was under consideration was Hibernate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this was the precursor to the dspace2 work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; sounds like an interesting GSC project :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I occasionally find myself looking at the DSpaceObject classes and considering that at lease having a Factory, Interface, DAO would enable future reimplementation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the degree of refactoring will, however, raise flags with many of the commiters</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; yes, I can understand that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this is where implementing something new from scratch for DS2 became an intitiative.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; one area that dspace-storage may benefit from your experience with h2 and hibernate may be in (1) providing some guidance on improving the testing in the storage-db case and (2) exploring what a hibernate version of storage-db might look like.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; I have no problem in helping, any questions I'm here, if I need to do some code just ask :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gsoc_yigang&gt; I need "AbstractStorageServiceTest" for testing the new triplestore. It does not work well now. How can I get it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So... the Storage DAO / tests are very independent of implementation... <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/storage-db/trunk/src/test/java/org/dspace/services/storage/StorageEntityDAOTest.java">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/storage-db/trunk/src/test/java/org/dspace/services/storage/StorageEntityDAOTest.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but, somewhere in the implementation code, things to get very sepecific to derby/hsqldb</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/storage-db/trunk/src/main/java/org/dspace/services/storage/database/StorageEntityDAO.java">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/storage-db/trunk/src/main/java/org/dspace/services/storage/database/StorageEntityDAO.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I know there are even more specific code/configs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; sorry guys but I have to leave the computer for a while</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; I'll be back in 30m or so, will read what you write</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ok, we need to finish upt he official meeting anyhow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega__&gt; to the other developers if I can help you with the unit testing, please send me an email to pere.villega --at-- gmail.com</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; excellent, and consider how best we can include your choice in h2 into the dspace-storage areas</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; maybe for next time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'll flag this point as the end of the meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Before we close, I would like to arrange for our next meeting, this time I'll organize and send email to the developers list as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; next week or?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; because next week is OR10, there are some challenges, but also some benefits</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; one benefit it time zones</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I will be in Spain so that will allow us to meet earlier.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; however, I will also be very busy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Lets plan to discuss it over the email list, tentatively lets see if there is a time next week that would work, if not, I will suggest the monday or tuesday of the week after</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gsoc_yigang&gt; OK</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gsoc_yigang&gt; have a nice trip to Spain, :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thanks, have a good weekend, and a reminder to please do send out those updates so I can use them for the meeting next week, cheers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega__ (~pvillega@86.47.50.67) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* gsoc_yigang (~chatzilla@220.114.87.78) Quit (Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.85 [Firefox 3.5.9/20100315083431])</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-217-116.sd.sd.cox.net) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-217-116.sd.sd.cox.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-28-234.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bojans (~Bojmen@91.118.67.67) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>