<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2010-01-27
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[2:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (n=grahamtr@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (n=grahamtr@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (n=scottatm@peat.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (i=kim@ec2-174-129-179-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ChanServ (ChanServ@services.) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cbeer (n=cbeer@146.115.109.46) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ChanServ (ChanServ@services.) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (n=scottatm@peat.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (i=kim@ec2-174-129-179-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cbeer (n=cbeer@146.115.109.46) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (n=PircBot@fedcommsrv1.nsdlib.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 16:32:05 EDT 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (n=trig01@80.169.130.178) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:11]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-christel- [Global Notice] Hi all, In preparation for the weekend's ircd migration we will need to take some servers out of production for upgrades, I am about to do a spot of rehubbing to continue the upgrades now. This may raise the number of splits for the next day, more information as and when will be available via wallops. Thank you for using freenode and have a great day.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (n=scottatm@peat.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (n=trig01@80.169.130.178) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (i=kim@ec2-174-129-179-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ChanServ (ChanServ@services.) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cbeer (n=cbeer@146.115.109.46) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ChanServ (ChanServ@services.) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (n=trig01@80.169.130.178) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cbeer (n=cbeer@146.115.109.46) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (n=scottatm@peat.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (i=kim@ec2-174-129-179-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (n=awoods@pool-72-66-126-180.washdc.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (i=mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (n=tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* barmintor (i=barminto@specdl11.cul.columbia.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (n=trig01@80.169.130.178) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (n=tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (n=tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithg (n=keith-no@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (n=grahamtr@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cccharles (n=user@131.104.62.47) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (n=chatzill@host102-175-dynamic.17-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd grabs a coffee</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; For me? How kind! :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; you wish ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all...DSpace Dev meeting starting here in a few minutes.  I sent an agenda to dspace-devel: <a href="https://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?thread_name=4B606571.4050100%40duraspace.org&amp;forum_name=dspace-devel">https://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?thread_name=4B606571.4050100%40duraspace.org&amp;forum_name=dspace-devel</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i have to juggle this meeting with our monthly staff forum, so i might not be super-responsive.. but i will be here.. taking my laptop into the lecture theatre after my coffee</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; back soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd also like to tack onto the agenda some discussion of DS-470 (which has gotten a lot of talk on dspace-devel).  But, we'll do that after 1.6 updates and Graham's proposal</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* caryn (i=80c8e115@gateway/web/freenode/x-pxujsfhxtjretchz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Well, looks like we are at the top of the hour.  Stuart, shall we start with general 1.6 updates first, before more in depth proposal discussion?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Let's run through the outstanding JIRA issues... should be quick, many have been closed since last wee.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; s/wee/week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; THanks for all the effort on closing the issues.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;mode=hide&amp;sorter/order=DESC&amp;sorter/field=priority&amp;resolution=-1&amp;pid=10020&amp;fixfor=10020">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;mode=hide&amp;sorter/order=DESC&amp;sorter/field=priority&amp;resolution=-1&amp;pid=10020&amp;fixfor=10020</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Doc issues we can ignore.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (n=richardr@dhcp-18-111-11-204.dyn.mit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Anyone know if mdiggory is hoping to attend?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, jeffrey trimble is hard at work on those doc ones...so, we can skip over anything assigned to him.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; DS-440: spiders.txt is empty.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we can follow up with mdiggory offline if he doesn't pop in soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Does anyone have lists of spiders we can use?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Depends on the format of spiders.txt.  Theres some at <a href="http://iplists.com/">http://iplists.com/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I think for 1.6 we'll just have to ship with a static list.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; IIRC it is one IP (complete, not ranges) per line.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I think right now the question is what we could put in for shipment and what goes in the documentation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - any volunteers to compile an IP list?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; don't all jump in at once</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; We'll leave it assigned to mdiggory then, but if anyone has 15 mins and feels like creating a list, feel free to upload it is a patch to the issue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="http://iplists.com/">http://iplists.com/</a> has the major spiders listed.  But, unfortunately, it's not in the right format.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; <a href="http://iplists">http://iplists</a> .com/google.txt - wrong format?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; <a href="http://iplists.com/google.txt">http://iplists.com/google.txt</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Some lines are three octets.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; re</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I think so...since they are not all individual IP address....for instance "209.855.238" is a range which includes 0-255</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Ah right - missed that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Oh well - can write a little script to spot them and add them in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; indeed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; really, we should be able to just tell people to go to <a href="http://iplists.com/">http://iplists.com/</a> to get the latest lists...it'd be nice if we could accept that format</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (but i don't know how much work that would take...if need be, some simple script would also work)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I might be wrong, but I think the spider detection code is in the external stats module, so updating that is hard, as it requires a release to be made for mvan in trunk to pick up the changes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aha..ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jtrimble (n=jtrimble@maag127.maag.ysu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So maybe stick with 1 IP per line for 1.6?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; The other outstanding issue is <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-418">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-418</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mm, i didn't realise we could match subnets. but i think "stick with current logic" is best given timeframe</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; s/could/couldn't/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sure, if that's what seems reasonable right now.  Just may mean a rather large spiders.txt file :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah :/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; kshepherd: Could you give us a quick update?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep, although not much to report just yet. it seems like everyone is generally in agreement that we should apply the changes discussed, so i'll make a start on it very soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Excellent - thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; any sense of how complex task is - need help?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ETA probably saturday or sunday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; richardrodgers: it's more tedious than complex i think, but if i get stuck i'll put my hand up :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; kshepherd: Thanks :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good kshepherd.  Let us know if anything comes up!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Finally.... a new proposal from grahamtriggs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; kshepherd: yea thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; grahamtriggs: The floor is yours...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; *ahem*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; ok, so I've been looking at the SWAP profile a lot recently, and associated with that, the Dublin Core metadata recommendations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; Now, both provide support for an OpenURL context object encoded value as part of the bibliographicCitation field - what's more, SWAP states that an implementation SHOULD include it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; the OpenURL context object contains a bunch of metadata in a machine readable format that we simply don't have (reliable) access to in any other way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; SWAP BiblographicCitation: <a href="http://www.ukoln.ac.uk/repositories/digirep/index/Scholarly_Works_Application_Profile#Bibliographic_Citation">http://www.ukoln.ac.uk/repositories/digirep/index/Scholarly_Works_Application_Profile#Bibliographic_Citation</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DC Recommendations for machine parsable citations: <a href="http://dublincore.org/documents/dc-citation-guidelines/#rec4">http://dublincore.org/documents/dc-citation-guidelines/#rec4</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jtrimble&gt; Graham, would this also make the case or need to overhaul the DC Registry as we currently have it configured in DSpace?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; we need to have some way of handling this - both accepting SWAP packages (ie. via SWORD) that contain these encoded objects, and being able to output them (ie. in Meta tags), but also be able to use them for OpenURL linking, citation matching, citation downloads....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; yes, there is a potential DC registry overhaul component to this.... but that's a significant impact, especially as Dublin Core does not anywhere provide for discrete storage of this metadata as separate fields - we would either have to hack it, hack another schema or incorporate others</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'm not clear on what you are recommending - we are working with BMC for using this additional metadata &amp; will share any enriched crosswalks, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; on the other hand, there are a number of metadata fields that can hold more than one encoding scheme (citation's human readable vs Context Object the immediate example, but there are others).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Was the question whether the DC Registry needs changes if we just slip a(nother) value into this field which happens to be OpenURL?  I shouldn't think so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; and generally, where these fields exist in serializations, the schema is encoded as part of the it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jtrimble&gt; Well, I think, IMHO, we need to look at overhauling DC as we use it in DSpace and use the full DCMI implementation.  DSpace's is about 6 years old.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jtrimble&gt; and I realize the impact of what Im saying.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jtrimble&gt; &lt;ducks for cover&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We do need to review it but I don't think this forces that review.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; i actually agree, and think it might be useful to come up with a dc application profile (<a href="http://dublincore.org/documents/profile-guidelines/index.shtml)">http://dublincore.org/documents/profile-guidelines/index.shtml)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; so, I would say that it makes sense that we should be able to store as part of a metadatavalue something that describes how the field has been encoded / syntax</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; grahamtriggs: Do you want to explain how this is a minor db schema change proposed for 1.6, but nothing in the UIs etc will change. That can come later? So for now, we're making a small change to support bigger changes later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; jtrimble: I agree, but I don't want to take that on right now!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; yes - I would like to see us embrace that we can record the encoding / syntax of a metadatavalue, without worrying about making UI, etc. changes that make use of it right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jtrimble&gt; well that's one step to harmonization.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; doing so will allow us to address those issues as minor patches / revisions... according to our own rules, a schema change (which is needed to record a syntax) would require a major version bump</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; bearing in mind that we are not only already making a schema change in this release - we are already adding new columns to the metadatavalue table anyway</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So all you want is us to add 'alter table metadata_value add encoding varchar' to the db schema / upgrade in 1.6?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Does anyone have any problems with making the db schema change?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'm +1 on this change</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Adding a column should not cause any problems. +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I'm thinking about the authority value...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jtrimble&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; No problem - but I am leery of changing without application support</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; +1 to add a column... but do we need an encoding column also for the authority value?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; bollini: hmm, i'm not an expert on authority control, but as far as i know, the keys need to be plain strings so they can be used in GET requests, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; richardrodgers: yes, it's partly related to the BMC stuff. According to SWAP documentation, I can only see the Context Object encoding as a supported way of passing some of the things requested. And besides, technically, it should be present anyway...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; so it's probably ok to continue assuming that authority keys are plaintext strings</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i might have missed something though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i'll admit, I'm still leery of DB changes without any connection to the application, but I think if others approve, it's fine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; grahamtriggs: no problem with Context objects per se or passing them, or parsing or storing them. The issue is whether we are just putting in a placeholder for a design later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I just worry we could be "putting cart before the horse"...adding something that we *think* will work, without actually fully designing it out)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i can understand that concern.. but i also see this as a possible opportunity to show off what can be done with post-release overlays ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd:  I definitely understand that...that's why I'm willing to back down on this, if others think it sounds like a good idea :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I suppose my opinion is based on "what;s next?". In the past we have crammed *lots* into 1.x.y releases, so if we are doing that again, then +1 to make the change now. If we are going to start developing 1.7 straight away, and only release 1.6.x to fix bugs, then I'd vote leave it for 1.7.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; richardrodgers: if we store the context object, in the OpenURL syntax, then we need to mark that it is that syntax - otherwise it gets confused with the plain text citation, we can't handle it intelligently in the UI, we can't export it correctly with the indication that it is a kev:ctx, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; (here, the syntax is explicitly listed on the instance to distinguish it... <a href="http://www.ukoln.ac.uk/repositories/digirep/index/Scholarly_Works_Application_Profile#Bibliographic_Citation)">http://www.ukoln.ac.uk/repositories/digirep/index/Scholarly_Works_Application_Profile#Bibliographic_Citation)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis: I'd like to push for 1.7 right away (any volunteers to be release manager?)...but, I also know that development tends to slow down after major releases, as people work to upgrade locally, get comfortable with new features, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I would too, we've got several good features queued up....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that's good to know..."lined up features" can help make a quicker release path</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So are we sure of what SQL datatype we need for this new column?  Are we going to need a "syntax registry" to make it intelligible through the UIs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; yes, I've got two separate project that I want to kick off in sandbox...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; grahamtriggs: I grant all these points. The question is that we won't  have a mature design for 1.6 And later, when we do, we may need more columns, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; richardrodgers: granted, but if we capture the OpenURL context object, and an encoding based on what we know now, we have the basis of being able to migrate it later. It's harder to mature the design, if we don't even get the basics in right first!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; grahamtriggs: What is your proposed timescale for making use of the new encoding column? 3m, 6m, 1y?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; think about all those items people have got right now where they aren't capturing lots of useful metadata in a reliable machine parseable way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I'm anticipating that it will be used within a month or two</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; How will it be used? By code in a 1.6.1?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; give me a way to reliable store and identify OpenURL context objects, and I'll give you a reliable means to generate Endnote / RefMan / etc exports using context objects!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The question is whether we can have the correct way by next week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, i think we all agree these are good points and great ideas...it's just a matter of whether to rush this into 1.6...or work towards a quicker turnaround for 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; if we do have several features already lined up for a potential 1.7 -- we really could start branching almost immediately...and begin moving such features over in preparation, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That 1.7 should have a defined new-features list, to bound the time to release somewhat.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (err...not a "potential" 1.7...I mean "potential" features)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; For example, we have (1) rewritten Creative Commons (using web services), (2) Google citation metatags,</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; (3) a curation management framework for virus checking, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; tdonohue: depends on exactly what we are saying. I still favour the schema change now. Whether we push out a 1.6.1 that makes use of it, or just expect there to be patches offered (ie. for SWORD) that make use of it prior to a 1.7 as next release, is an open question...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; to add to richardrodgers list: (4) we're working on export/import of Community/Collection hierarchy for better backups: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-466">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-466</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - let's go back to the decision. Shall we vote? Despite all my questions, I'd still be fine with it in 1.6.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sure, call a vote</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Do we know what the change is?  Do we know it will be adequate?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I'm favour to the db change now... we have had for long time a mets column that was not used</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I want to change item_id on the metadatavalue table to resource_id, and add a resource_type... allowing proper metadata for communities, collection, bitstreams... maybe even hierarchical if we want to give metadata value a resource type...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1 (grahamtriggs can buy us all a beer if it ends up to not getting used / needs adjusting! :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; And yes, I have a really pressing reason for doing all of this, based on multilingual representations for communities and collections, which would also be fed back</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs: is that for later?   or is that part of this proposal</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds like movement toward DSpace 2.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; the item_id change is a sandbox effort for the 'next' dspace revision</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, makes sense (just got confused of context)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; by changing "item_id" to "resource_id", does that mean that you want to store metadata for items, communities, and collections in the metadata value table?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mhwood: I kind of agree. I would chuck in the overhaul of the bitstream registry that Larry left behind, and call it 2, not 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; caryn: yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm gonna recall this vote, with the full proposal here...this seems a bit sidetracked</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Anyone else going to vote? We're on +2 at the moment.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; vote on Graham's proposal: Which is just to add an "encoding" column to the "metadatavalue" table to allow for machine readable values to be stored in any metadata fields.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; k, does this mean we maintain the collection and community tables as well as metadata for communities and collections in the metadatavalue table? (sorry, just trying to get my mind around this)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we already have +2 from stuart and andrea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; caryn: that comment was unrelated to graham's proposal.  He was talking about possible additions for 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; ah, got it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; the 'metadata' that exists on collection / community would be migrated. You still need to maintain the objects, but the values would move off into something extensible, flexible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any other votes?  I'm going to vote 0 on this...still hesitant, but willing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Add metadatavalue.encoding:  0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; sorry, realised my earlier one might have been missed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; add column to metdatavalue: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I like the idea, and won't oppose it - just want to see it fleshed out, so: 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (with the expectation of free beer if it doesn't work out ;))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; 0 - potentially a useful addition, but not quite sure of all the implications</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; iirc, we had 3 +1 earlier - jtrimble, bollini, mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jtrimble&gt; For simple column add  +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok...it looks like that means +4 total, with no one against</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sorry, I changed my mind -- I haven't seen enough to convince me that more schema changes won't be needed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But I won't oppose.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok..either way, since we have so many obstaining, I'd like to recommend posting a Jira proposal for a few days.  Assuming no one is vehemently against this, it can be added to trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Sounds good to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (the only reason I say this is it's a very close vote, and we have a few people not in attendance today)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; In which case, when do we look at cutting a 1.6 rc2?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; As soon as that, spiders.txt, and jspui i18n is in svn?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it sounds like 1.6 RC2 needs to be next week, since we are waiting on those two issues in Jira as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; which two issues?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; But presumably we can do it as soon as those are in. E.g. no need to wait for a set day, just as soon as the commits have been made.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; grahamtriggs: spiders.txt being empty, and jspui i18n being broken</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs: we are waiting on <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-418">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-418</a> and <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-440">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-440</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Feature freeze after these three?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jtrimble&gt; I'll plan to be done with all documentation on Monday morning.  I'll compile the final html and PDF the night before the rc2 is cut</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yes - we're in feature freeze already</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; ah ok, it was just when you said 'as well'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But we're adding features?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mhwood: yes, but it's bloody freezing here, so that's ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One last topic I want to bring up: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-470">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-470</a>  it's had a ton of discussion recently</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; To clarify: As soon as spiders.txt is populated, the jspui i18n issue is fixed, and Graham's schema changes are made, we'll cut 1.6rc2.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; DS-470: Look at in 1.6.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; ahh..... DS-470.........</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not sure if this is something we want to respond to in some way (or at least schedule for a release)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Depends on how much of an API change we want to make. Might need pushing to 1.7.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; the patch makes some fundamentally wrong decisions, regardless of whether we see this as something really worth addressing which in itself could be debatable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jtrimble (n=jtrimble@maag127.maag.ysu.edu) Quit ("Leaving")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, so the only thing I'd point out is the patch is *tiny* and it makes a huge benefit in import speed.  But, if we all agree it really just needs more analysis, then we can delay for 1.6.1 or 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I'm not sure it needs any formal response, as there is lots of debate about it still going on.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I want to do some analysis and benchmarking of the problem, and I agree with many of grahamtriggs concerns about the code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Agreed, needs more thought.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; And the patch is there, so if anyone is suffering because of this problem, they at least have a fix.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; exactly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I haven't even addressed all my issues yet... I took a look at the patch properly for the first time tonight. I have more to add!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I just wanted to post some sort of comment that we are looking at it (since it's been discussed a lot).  I'll add a comment that we discussed this and that we all feel it may need more analysis for a potential fix in 1.6.1 or 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; tdonohue: +1 sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; This goes pretty deeply into what DSpace is for, so we want to take enough time to get it really right.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: +1 - I do really value Cambridge's close look at scaling</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that's everything I had on the agenda.  I'm serious about the call for a 1.7 release manager -- if anyone has an interest let me know.   Is there anything else to discuss?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok..sounds like we are done here.  Thanks for the discussion.  I'm excited to see 1.6RC2 cut soon (hopefully early next week)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cheers all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks, all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; bye all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (n=chatzill@host102-175-dynamic.17-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) Quit ("ChatZilla 0.9.86 [Firefox 3.5.7/20091221164558]")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; bye, thanks all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (n=richardr@dhcp-18-111-11-204.dyn.mit.edu) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* caryn (i=80c8e115@gateway/web/freenode/x-pxujsfhxtjretchz) Quit ("Page closed")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* keithg (n=keith-no@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (i=mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (n=tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (n=grahamtr@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (n=awoods@pool-72-66-126-180.washdc.fios.verizon.net) Quit (Read error: 110 (Connection timed out))</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>