<span class="irc-date">[0:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@c-66-30-9-86.hsd1.ma.comcast.net) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:40]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: stuartlewis)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-10-103.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 20:32:05 UTC 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-10-103.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-10-103.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-10-103.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc_ (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc_ is now known as bradmc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dericed (~Adium@pool-108-14-205-86.nycmny.east.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 248 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dericed (~Adium@pool-108-14-205-86.nycmny.east.verizon.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~chatzilla@host223-235-dynamic.16-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Manuela (8f36ebd3@gateway/web/freenode/ip.143.54.235.211) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:42]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Manuela (8f36ebd3@gateway/web/freenode/ip.143.54.235.211) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@207.138.47.158) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all.  DSpace Devel Mtg here in a few minutes -- agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-08-18">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-08-18</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- it's the top of the hour.  May as well get started with a JIRA review.  Here's a list of recent open issues -- we'll be starting with DS-553 : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;&amp;pid=10020&amp;resolution=-1&amp;created%3Aprevious=-18w&amp;assigneeSelect=&amp;sorter/field=created&amp;sorter/order=ASC">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;&amp;pid=10020&amp;resolution=-1&amp;created%3Aprevious=-18w&amp;assigneeSelect=&amp;sorter/field=created&amp;sorter/order=ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Display date generation only works on dates without time granularity : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-553">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-553</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh -- it looks like kshepherd already said DS-553 is fixed?  Anyone else tried this out?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-173-76-18-245.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I remember kshepherd and claudia having trouble with these dcdates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; however, i can't find any more info on this issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- Assign DS-553 to kshepherd for further verification &amp; ask him to close it if it is fixed (since it sounds like it is)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Wasn't robinT also looking into this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hi richardrodgers -- yea, this seems related to the DCDates problems -- but, it sounds like this one is fixed: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-553">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-553</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think there are several issues that boil down to surprising abbreviation of the date output in various circumstances.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Ah, ok thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, in the essence of time, I'm going to assign DS-553 to kshepherd for verification &amp; closing (unless there's any other volunteers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Inconsistent creation of dc.date.issued : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-554">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-554</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not sure this is a bug?  Should it matter if the date has time granularity or not (as long as we can handle both)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; are we sure that there is a different behavior in data storage than pre 1.6?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; or is it only a "duplicate" of the display issue?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It does say "related to DS-553".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone want to look into the #2 claim? (that behavior differs in 1.6?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; the reporter is Claudia, just ask for confirmation that there is a "storage" issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.  DS-554 -- ask for clarification from Claudia. Is there a storage issue, or is this a duplicate?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Deleting  a role on the Edit Collection page causes the XMLUI to try and delete  the associated group even if it is used elsewhere. : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-555">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-555</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, it looks like Robin Taylor is already working on DS-555 in preparation for 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1 fix for 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 fix for 1.7 as well (and we already have a volunteer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-555  : Keep as is, schedule for 1.7, check with Robin for updates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-217-116.sd.sd.cox.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Statistics column and row labels not i18n: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-559">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-559</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hello everyone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'll take 559, I meant to fix it for 1.6.2, but never got to it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; hi mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 -- any volunteers for DS-559</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, thanks Peter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-559 -- Assign to PeterDietz for 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; catching up on issues/log</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-560 -- XMLUI news feature in dspace/config dir  <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-560">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-560</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: we're doing a JIRA review obviously :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 560... we generally have switched within @mire to populating a set of new i18n fields for news and using those files as "templates"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the template just houses a div with a set of i18n tags</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to creating an Admin UI for DS-560, but this is a new feature, likely post-1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; DS-560 we need a design, along mdiggory's lines or other</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- is this code you are offering to share?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its not very exciting...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, well in any case, sounds like DS-560 needs clarification, design &amp; a volunteer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; doesn't solve the larger issue of managing the content via the UI...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Admin UI also gives us a chance to ensure that the page fragment will actually work within the pages where it is inserted.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Keep DS-560 open, look for a volunteer(s) and schedule for post-1.7?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; the idea of move news file out of config dir is good too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm thinking post 1.7 and that there are projects that may enable more than this at that time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-560 -- needs design, volunteers, schedule for post 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-561 -- On login screen, keyboard input focus should be set to the first field (E-mail Address) so you don't have to use the mouse : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-561">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-561</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, the config directory is a stew of different types of things used in different places and possibly managed by different people.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1 if someone will do cross-browser tests....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-561 is trivial...not a huge deal, but perhaps one less mouse click.  Thoughts? Volunteers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds like a small but potentially popular enhancement.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; is there a way to do this without js?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini -- I don't think so (at least not as easily)...you need to use JS to call focus()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snail&gt; bollini: without js you just have to hit tab a couple of times, i think</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; what about "tabindex"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; HTML gives a new ability &lt;input maxlength="256" name="q" value="" autofocus&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; oops html5</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dericed1 (~Adium@pool-108-14-205-86.nycmny.east.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds like most in favor of DS-561, volunteer to implement in JSPUI &amp; XMLUI?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; +1 kshepherd yes we should try with a tabindex</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz: yea, html5 offers a lot of new features ... but we aren't quite there (yet) :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I can try on jspui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; xmlui has jQuery yes?, so that should help with being cross browser</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; bollini: it doesn't seem well documented but it's been in html for a long time, so hopefully can do the trick</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm sure I remember doing this without JS, but that's *all* I remember.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mhwood: tabindex!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Probably.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't recall if JQuery is used -- there is some fancy JS within the new authority work, but I don't remember what that is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; prototype</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@dhcp-18-111-66-224.dyn.mit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I see jquery in discovery but I don't know if it is used</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-561 -- schedule for 1.7.   Bollini will do for JSPUI, needs a volunteer for XMLUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'll do XMLUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Discovery is using jquery for authocomplete support</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Last one (for today): User  with WRITE, ADD and ADMIN policy on collection cannot delete that  collection due to bug in  AuthorizeUtil.authorizeManageTemplateItem(context,collection) : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-562">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-562</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; plus some features from a solr javascript UI project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- PeterDietz will do XMLUI for DS-561 -- thanks peter!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I don't recall xmlui utilizing tabindex, but others can correct me, it would be an enhancement to the interactive div templates to add such a feature there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; consolidating jquery into the share ui overlay would be keen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any volunteers to investigate behaviour described in DS-562</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; yes, give it to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- DS-562, assign to bollini for further investigation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we're now at about 30 mins, so I'd like to stop there for today and switch gears over to 1.7 discussion (we'll keep doing these JIRA reviews at the beginning of meetings till we catch up)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes I have precisely 30 minutes before I have to leave the IRC channel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I guess this is where I jump in and say dspace 1.7 is coming up, get all your work done</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, as I told PeterDietz today, I'm officially handing the reigns over to him  (and taking a few steps back now)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha :) good speech</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hup! yes sir</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So -- I added a few items to the agenda, which we may wish to go through : <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-08-18">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-08-18</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; sir Peter can we start with discovery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; remaining from the last discussion was a few features that aren't likely to be finished in time for release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; So my fellow DSpace "Chosen Ones", lets start discovery, then move to REST</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good to me :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; discovery.... jspui? or just xmlui?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; hopeful both</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue looks towards mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hmmm, quickly, does anybody here use LNI, and can test AIP changes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We do need to deal with the async/sync release process.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; because otherwise we need to move all the discovery code into the trunk to support it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory, why couldn't it be released as a module (like services is)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; dependencies on the core release...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; should we support new discovery and old style browse/search?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; services is not dependent on core (dspace-api) etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mm..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, the decision is either (a) move Discovery in with dspace-api, etc, or (b) modularize more, and move everything towards 'modules' area?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so, yes we can do the opposite... IE discovery can be installed into as dspace release (but only after the formal release)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1 modularize - I think dspace-api is too big already...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If it's tightly dependent on core, doesn't it need to be part of core?  If dependency is loose enough, does integration greatly matter?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but maintaining it in the modules directory and packaging it with the release, this is something we need to figure out how to fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers is right, so is mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; taking a quick step back -- first off, is Discovery "ready" for official release (I still haven't heard that one way or another)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I think that it is useful provide it as module only if we want keep user free to choose</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think that discovery is still beta and while it works for our cases, it needs more eyes and evolution.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; it feels stable to me, though there is some facet handling that would be better moved to solr schema instead of in the xmlui block, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its designed to be an "addon" to dspace to maintain that separation from core</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so it can evolve</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; some work is needed, I see many hardcoded things from dryad in it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kshepherd: true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- sounding less "beta" and more "experimental" then...at least as of today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; there are common stuff that need to be shared between xmlui and jspui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bollini: point taken, some feautres were dryad centric, but can easily be generalized</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; because it's an "alternative" to ArtifactBrowser in xmlui, i feel like it'd be fine to be separate from core and maybe even release async?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; the browse system is in the core</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: I don't think everyone realizes there is a JIRA project for it with tasks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we can't turn it off completely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; bollini: true.. perhaps i'm just confusing things trying to tie it to xmlui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;mode=hide&amp;sorter/order=DESC&amp;sorter/field=priority&amp;resolution=-1&amp;pid=10038&amp;fixfor=-1">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;mode=hide&amp;sorter/order=DESC&amp;sorter/field=priority&amp;resolution=-1&amp;pid=10038&amp;fixfor=-1</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; JIRA for Discovery : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DSCR">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DSCR</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, if we offer a choice then there would be work to modularize ArtifactBrowser and its friends and relations.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: +10000</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I have done some experiment  and I'm able to replace discovery with dssearch easly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; A good project would be to breakup things like RecentlyAdded and some other features out of things like CollectionView and CommunityView</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we just need to make dsquery (sorry, not dssearch)  more modular to allow plugin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yes.. i actually did that a while back, but i don't think i ever submitted a patch :/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i should still have it sitting around though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- so, mdiggory do you have a proposal/idea for how best to deal with Discovery release process (around 1.7), since this is the first real need for a potential async release?  Should we discuss ideas in depth in one of next few meetings?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We are doing things like customized views build off of custom queries into Solr for things like Recent Items of Type X vs Recent Items</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; about browsing I'm thinking if it is possible to write a "SOLR DAO"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bollini: this is wha the services are for</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; There are SearchService, IndexService and a Solr Implementation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; There are also StatisticsService etc with a similar client backing them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mdiggorry: yes, but I'm talking to implement a BrowseDAO so that we only need to put a configuration line in dspace.cfg to use solr instead of our browsetable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; A Solr DAO would enable more fun things to happen in the Services Layer (more cores, searches for things other than items)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mdiggory: of course it could be useful also make a "BrowseService"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; with Solr we encounter issues with some Browse features... but that is an interesting idea...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; How much of that can be done by 1.7? three months later?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I need to have solr in jspui stable before the start of October</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; what is the expected outcome of integration? Parity? (AGGHHH)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; of course meet a project requirement is easier than meet community requirement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; My concern with backing Browse by Solr is that its already a huge beast, and I'm trying to lighten the implementation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; although this is interesting discussion -- don't we first need to figure out how to release Discovery (before we talk tighter integration, etc)?  :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I.E. even in the XMLUI, opening up AJAX support to Solr more directly and rendering search results / facets after the page is rendered</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: true...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt;  Being on leave, I've taken a step back from development on it... but am returning to the table now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; do we want to get some REST discussion in before the end of the meeting?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It'd be nice to form a plan of next steps around Discovery -- if we need to figure out async releases because of that, that's also a good idea (but we need to bring a proposal or idea to the table to discuss)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; There are more features in the works via NESCent.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; wiring it into browse turns it (discovery) into two or more separate projects without async.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- yea...I think we do :)   REST may be similar to Discovery in that the code needs to be reviewed more, and may need some async release or modularization discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; REST is far from ready. Even the read-only GET functions are not implemented as advertised, and GETs to, for example, collections with &gt; 1000 items will run a typical jvm out of mem due to some parent/child entity loops and incorrect depth checking</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; sure, I think Discovery is a bit more mature than the REST</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we need to take caution... discovery is more stable but... there will be more eyes on it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd -- good to know.  Maybe this means we need to start bringing REST project issues into JIRA and mark them to get 'fixed'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1 tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: yeah that might be an idea..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but it also means we probably don't want to release REST in 1.7, unless someone has time to fix all it's issues :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I don't think the code needs to be perfect for the decision to add it at this point, just that we agree on adding it as a feature and that there are things that need to still be fixed by the release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; How much work is needed to make it good enough to use, though it may want more polishing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- correct, code need not be perfect right now...but, it needs to have a volunteer or voluntters working on getting it ready</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; GSoC pencils down has passed, so if we want this code to make its way in, then its now a community project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini_ (~chatzilla@host223-235-dynamic.16-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; PeterDietz is correct, we need to bring it forward as a community at this point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Its a similar problem to discovery, async release issues abound unless its moved under trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so again async is the issue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm all for bringing the REST API forward -- I think it's an absolutely necessary feature these days -- I just don't know if I'll have much time in nearterm, but I may be able to chip in if others are</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; to get it to a working read-only (ie. no POST/PUT/UPDATE) by 1.7 should be possible but would still require a fair amount of effort and testing... time that i don't have :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; it needs some cleanup at the least.  it was depending on earlier 1.6 code, which shouldn't be drastically different, but bears testing.  there is also the major database hit when requesting URLs that traverse large portions of the repository.  i've built it but have not had time to test yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- do you have ideas about possibly async processes that you'd be willing to write up or present to us in near future?  I think we really need a 'proposal' to respond to, so that we can all get on the same page about it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It sounds to me like 1.7 would be too ambitious.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; i'd like to commit time to it, but i need to be sure i have time to finish the google scholar metadata project for review by the community.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; those sorts of issues arose back int he DAO prototype as well and resulted in needing to refactor the DSpaceObject implementations to support less loading of children</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis_ (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'll comment that LNI suffers similar issues with webdav</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i don't really understand the reason for dependence on the sakai entitybus, etc. either...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (~chatzilla@host223-235-dynamic.16-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kshepherd: AaronZ... we were working with the library as part of DSpace 2.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis_ is now known as stuartlewis</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini_ (~chatzilla@host223-235-dynamic.16-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) Quit (Write error: Broken pipe)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ...ok, sorry, now really have to leave, will follow up when I return...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~chatzilla@host223-235-dynamic.16-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; bye mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- almost out of time here...  I think there are still a lot of questions to be resolved, least of which is the async release idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cheers mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-217-116.sd.sd.cox.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I don't think REST will get the eyes necessary if it lives in a separate branch, however it still needs work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; fwiw, bojan has indicated that he's keen to still help out in the "community" phase of the REST module, so that's good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; PeterDietz +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but if i had to vote right now for 1.7 inclusion, i'd probably vote -1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; is there any way to get the "works as advertised" pieces of REST into trunk, and go from there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll say I'm committed to helping with REST -- I just wish I had the time in the next few months -- my time will likely be *after* 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; tdonohue: ditto</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, there just aren't enough cycles for REST to go into 1.7.  Mark it, "we really really want this post-1.7"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- yea, that may be the best idea for now, unless the cycles "magically appear"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Remember 1.8 (or whatever) needn't e that far away - we are in a brave new world</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As for Discovery -- sounds like the interest is there, but we need to figure out how to release it -- requires some async release discussions, which I can follow up with mdiggory on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; does 1.6.1 need to be bug fix only?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1.7.1? :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd looks dizzy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd recommend it -- I think in past making it have new features delayed our release of the next major version -- for instance, 1.5.1 and 1.5.2 having new features really delayed 1.6 (in my mind at least)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; oops, 1.7.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; why not include the rest code in the trunk and comment it before the release?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; the point being?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'd really recommend a few people checkout the module, build it, and test it a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; this will give the idea that we are really interested in this project but it is not ready</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notices we are over time here -- we may need to wrap it up soonish</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; the point being that you can develop with it easily, and make improvements as the code is in trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; PeterDietz: it's so easy to grab and build anyway, i don't know if adding commented, bad code into trunk solves anything ;P</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; true -- but, if we are releasing off of Trunk, then it would be released (unless we create a 1.7.x branch before that period, and release 1.7.0 from the branch)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; in svn, sure, but why trunk? I can check out any branch/module, etc just as easily...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; richardrodgers++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; dspace-rest builds as a "droppable" webapp, so, it woudln't be too hard to just include it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; (i.e. include it in the webapps directory of a build)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 as well -- the code can be pulled down from the "modules" area already (like dspace-services) and others: <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/rest/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/rest/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So it can be a sync. module now and become async. later when we figure out what that means.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One off topic question I really want to throw out there today -- any objections to requiring Java 1.6 for DSpace 1.7 release?  I wanted to change our requirements in the main pom.xml, but wanted to check with others first</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; No, it's a good idea I think - all our platforms have 1.6 available.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- I'll just make the pom.xml change -- if anyone has objections let me know :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; sorry to come back to discovery... but in an ideal world where discovery work for both jspui and xmlui, providing nice search and browse functionalities should we allow users to use the old system (lucene + custom browse system)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We're well over time -- so, I'd like to close the meeting, unless there's anything else we need to answer today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini -- my answer to that would be 'no'.  I think we need to avoid supporting too many options (we just don't have enough developers).   So, if Discovery was ever seen as the "default" or "best" way to do search/browse, then we would likely deprecate the old search/browse system</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I don't think that discovery (currently), does anything with communities and collections</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; you can view communities and collections, but they'll generally appear at the end of a long list of search results, yeah..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i do agree that some extra 'browse' functionality needs to be around..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; this can be easly changed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sorry, I'm going to have to go.  'bye, all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue All -- if you have to go, feel free :)  sorry for running over today -- I'll stick around, as the discussion is still lively &amp; interesting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (try doing community/collection management with discovery alone! i think i ended up re-deploying jspui for admin work :P)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I've also got to go - bye all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cheers all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-173-76-18-245.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; say that discovery can be the only browse/search system for dspace (now, in 1.7 or in a point in the next future) is an important point to make design choices...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yea, I think Discovery sounds promising, but still needs work (obviously).  It's no where near ready to replace the current browse/search system.  But, someday, maybe it would (if it ever had all the same features, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I think the discovery change might be to pull in parent (collection / subcom / community) and then it could facet those</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; the infrastructure for scoped search is already in place</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; you can make search within a community or a collection</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I'm working on the search now, it could be possible to implement the same features of our current browse system fastly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; sorry: I'm working on the browse now...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; bye all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; so if someone want browse-by-title for a collection, thats discovery searching in scope of collection with some ordering</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@dhcp-18-111-66-224.dyn.mit.edu) Quit (Quit: sandsfish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dericed2 (~Adium@76.15.234.164) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; the most complex questions arise when you want browse metadata</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; browse for authors, subjects, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; particularly if you use the authority framework</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I would get rid of those, because those are just facet filters. Currently facet filters are sort by count. If you wanted to browse by author, that might be to change to sort authors by alphabetical</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; you can use the facet terms as browse list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; you can sort facet terms by lex</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; alphabetically</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dericed1 (~Adium@pool-108-14-205-86.nycmny.east.verizon.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; the issue is that alphabetically is not enough</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we need to work on the metadata value to get a sorted value</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; to make transliteration for example</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; my idea is to add extra fields to the solr document so to have a facet_browse field holding a complex value</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; sortvalue|||display value|||authority key (if any)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; in this way, you can get the facets in lex order and build the right user interface</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; well, I think that is time to go for me... PeterDietz and any other interested in discovery please go ahead to discuss on the mailing list. I like to hear your idea about it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (~chatzilla@host223-235-dynamic.16-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) Quit (Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.86 [Firefox 3.6.8/20100722155716])</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dericed2 (~Adium@76.15.234.164) Quit (Ping timeout: 272 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@207.138.47.158) Quit (Quit: keithgilbertson)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dericed1 (~Adium@76.15.234.164) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-10-103.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 265 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dericed1 (~Adium@76.15.234.164) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dericed1 (~Adium@76.15.234.164) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-10-103.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dericed1 (~Adium@76.15.234.164) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:42]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-10-103.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dericed (~Adium@76.15.234.164) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-10-103.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dericed (~Adium@76.15.234.164) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dericed (~Adium@76.15.234.164) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-10-103.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-74-98.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dericed (~Adium@76.15.234.164) Quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dericed1 (~Adium@76.15.234.164) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dericed1 (~Adium@76.15.234.164) Quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)</span><br />
