<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2010-05-05
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[2:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@fedcommsrv1.nsdlib.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 16:32:05 EDT 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega (~pvillega@86.47.50.67) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega_ (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega (~pvillega@86.47.50.67) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@184.39.8.146) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp136.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ is now known as mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega_ (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithg (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory_ (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory_)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all -- DSpace Dev Meeting will be starting here in ~5min.  Agenda is here: <a href="http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-05-05">http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-05-05</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cccharles (~cccharles@131.104.62.47) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@184.39.8.146) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; For those who just entered -- DSpace Dev Mtg Agenda: <a href="http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-05-05">http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-05-05</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; anyone know if there is an "end" date for OR10 registration, website mentioned nothing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Main topics for today are 1.6.1 updates and 1.7.0 scheduling/planning.   But, before we get started, any announcements/questions/agenda items?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz:  good question -- I'm not sure if there is an "end" date, but can ask around</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; looks good to me, i think JIRA reviews are the most important thing right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We should add some planning fro GSoC to the list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  well, let's get started with 1.6.1 updates first (since that is most pressing).  kshepherd, want to update us on the latest?  Are there issues you want immediate review on (we could post them for quick reviews here, if needed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ok, here comes a paste</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I was also hopin to see jtrimble trumbling about to discuss documentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; 1.6.1 release update: currently 48 open JIRA bugs affecting 1.6.0, 30 of them unassigned.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; This morning, I've done some committing of fixed issues that were sitting open waiting for review for a long time. I will be pretty busy in svn and JIRA from now until Saturday (Sunday NZ time).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; As far as actual release coordination goes, I've not been as good on the communication front as I intended, and I apologise for that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; Although the CHANGES file for 1.6.1 isn't huge, and probably won't be a lot bigger by next week, I think we've still covered nearly all the critical bugs in 1.6.0, and most of the major issues that would have been causing people to delay their upgrades from 1.5.x. So I'm still keen to push for a cut and release next week if others agree.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; I'd also like to add something about the length of time we leave good patches sitting in JIRA...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: jtrimble said he couldn't make it today -- he emailed me offline...we can talk about docs after 1.6.1 stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; k</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kshepherd: Something not in the JIRA I want to get in is a small upgrade to dspace-services</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; fyi for all:  1.6.1 in JIRA: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS/fixforversion/10030">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS/fixforversion/10030</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, looking</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@dhcp-18-111-30-22.dyn.mit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; I think i'm probably the biggest culprit for this, so i'm half suggesting it and half making sure that i'm on the right track -- i (and others) have a tendancy to leave issues open in JIRA, with good patches attached, for a long time even when it's clear that they work and that no more peer review is coming/needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'll take DS-556</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; also, i think people find it far easier to test an svn area like dspace-1.6.x or trunk than download and test individual patches attached to JIRA issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; so i'm sorta pushing for a more "gung ho" attitude to committing small bug fixes to trunk/branch -- if it works, do it, and at the very worst we might have to revert a few changes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, I remember us talking in IRC about having a faster track for work that is commiter driven</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.  So, it looks like we still have 24 unresolved issues scheduled for 1.6.1 -- kshepherd, are you suggesting we reschedule some/many of these for later releases, or do many already have patches?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i don't mean we stop testing/reviewing, just that leaving stuff sitting there for a month doesn't look good and doesn't help us keep ontop of things</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; so for committers to commit decent fixes, which allows reviews to happen in fisheye. where as volunteers patches. either way, make a jira ticket first</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think we want to avoid the extreme seen in places like the Solr JIR, they have issue open for the last 4 years still</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: well, when we first talked about a release date for 1.6.1, we said "early may" and that we should stick to that, with any patches not committed getting automatically rescheduled to 1.6.2. does that still sound reasonable?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kshepherd: I do think that it is your role to shove issues off the list if they won't be tractable in 1.6.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: i guess part of what i'm asking is "how many bug fixes is it worth releasing a minor version for?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: yeah true, i probably need to get more gung ho there too ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Isn't one question whether there are *must have* fixes for 1.6.1?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; richardrodgers: definitely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kshepherd: if its a really bad issue.... just one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'll be going through everything closely before this Sunday and making sure the showstoppers/majors really do make it in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I see it similar to richardrodgers.  There's no set number of issues to fix for 1.6.1 -- just be good to get those ones we deemed "must have" resolved.  Other than that, I'm fine with rescheduling still open issues for a 1.6.2 or 1.7.0 release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ok, excellent</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; that makes JIRA reviews even more important :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'm happy to keep going at some after the meeting's over, if we run out of time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm all for the approach, as long as a 1.6.2 is taken with the same stance...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; IE we would probibly have a 1.6.2 later in the summer/fall if there were more showstoppers that emerged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As for the other point, I think any work/patches created by committers should also be given a "fast track" -- i.e. just run it by one other committer (minimally) and if he/she approves and thinks it's good, commit it -- if there is doubt, bring that issue to a meeting and we can review it as a group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, if there are issues/patches that are still highly doubtful or need discussion, feel free to bring them up now (or we can discuss later on in this meeting, if you need to gather them together)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think we should be more direct that committers "should" operate in this manner and not in the same manner as non-commiter contributors</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- you mean we should make this a "rule" -- committer patches get a "fast track"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; IE commiters do not create patches and leave them rotting in issues, the commit with the JIRA issue number in the commit log</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we have enough work to do keeping up with contributors</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@184.39.8.146) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cool, i like this idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea -- i'm fine with making that more explicit, and suggest that as a "best practice"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think we need review, but where kshepherd is heading is that such review can be better enabled if the code being reviewed is already in the svn</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; sometimes i'm just nervous about submitting something that hasn't had explicit approval from 2+ other people, but considering most of those patches are tiny bugfixes that are trivial to revert, and i've always tested them thoroughly anyway, i don't know why i end up leaving the issues open so long :P</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh -- update from jtrimble about the 1.6.1 Doc Issues -- he said the documentation JIRA tickets should be committed to trunk on Sun Evening</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; especially with tools like crucible and fisheye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yes, if anyone's not aware of the Fish Eye / Crucible tabs in JIRA, check them out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; kshepherd:  so I'm not the only one who does that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; looks like you need to sign up on the hosted crucible site to get an account associated with committer username..?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mhwood: heh, i knew there were others out there ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea...the crucible integration we have now is with the hosted site -- but, DuraSpace will be working soon(ish) to merge our JIRA + Fedora's into a single DuraSpace JIRA + DuraSpace Crucible, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, because otherwise you can't make reviews</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but you can remap th username on a per svn basis</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: sounds good, but why not use it if its free?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if Atlassian gave a away free confluence/jira hosting  for OS projects, I be all over it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i'm not against using it -- I'm just stating that we're working on making your *one login* work for Confluence, Jira, Crucible, etc. (basically all our Atlassian products)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, good point, that would be beneficial</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-516">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-516</a> &lt;-- kshepherd this needs to be a priority in 1.6.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-203">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-203</a> &lt;-- not important, should be pushed out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there any other 1.6.1 issues we should review / assign, so that we can crank them out before next week?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: would you be able to open a placeholder issue for the pending dspace-services contribution as well?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, doing it...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; if anyone's has a tidy fix for ds-401, i'd love to hear it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd: isn't that one of the DCDate issues?  I thought, based on last week's logs (which I read) you all decided to push those back to 1.7.0 (or 1.6.2)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-401">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-401</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: re DS-516 -- you're happy with stuart's patch? (for 1.6.1 anyway, perhaps not 1.7.0)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: yes, it's one of the DCDate issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Well, I have a pile of stuff on my workspace... stuarts stuff doesn't quite cleanup the existing scripts</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Perhaps we should 'doc' patch (i.e. warn) about date issues in the meantime</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; it just enables running drun in the launcher</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: and i guess it's not the worst one (that was DS-497), but i still think it's pretty nasty..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Perhaps we should create a DCDate Issue and attach all the related "child" issues to that one...  I'd suggest delaying for a better fix, and just warn people (like richardrodgers just suggests)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I may really need that date patch...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but do not wait for me if I cannot get to evaluating the solution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i think i was more pushing for us to look closely at DCDate for 1.7+, but still make small fixes to teh issues we're seeing now, in the meantime</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- I see.  I think that's reasonable, kshepherd, if we can find someone to help make smaller patches ;)  otherwise, I'd say they should all be delayed by default</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; DS-497 definitely needed committing, for example (which i did earlier this morning)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; since it's 30min in already, i'm happy to wait until post-meeting to keep talking DCDate and 1.6.1 priorities with people if you want to carry on with teh rest of the agenda</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, basically, if we wanted to get 1.6.1 out next week (say May 14th release day), then we really need to "freeze" around May 11 -- so that we can at least do some minimal testing of everything together.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yea, what is our test strategy?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; sounds good to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well, I'd actually like to see if we can set a "freeze" day :)  as you mentioned, kshepherd, we cannot keep accepting patches/fixes forever :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers asks a good question -- I was assuming a more "ad hoc" mini-testathon, but we could run a full scale testathon as needed (the only difference I see between the two is pre-planning &amp; time)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; richardrodgers: there's a small enough list of changes that we could probably simply test each one systematically, as well as some basic "did we break anything else" tests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; open to ideas though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kshepherd:   added <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-571">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-571</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we can also use <a href="http://demo.dspace.org">http://demo.dspace.org</a> to "bang on it" in a more centralized fashion -- but, we'd want to "freeze" the code before that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; kshepherd: sounds right, I just meant we shouldn't stick you with it ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: if we can get hudson installed on demo, then we can deploy an automatic rebuild when the svn changes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, in my mind -- we could either (A) Freeze on 11th, release on 14th (2-3days testing).  OR (B) Freeze on 14th, Release on 21st (week of testing).    I'm fine with either, I'd just like to choose one :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and ksclarke and I have additional experience</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; to get that working once it was there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: you can have hudson if you install it.  As I mentioned to email to dspace-commit, the committers can all have full access to demo.dspace.org (I'm not going to "play admin" for that server, I just don't have the time)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i like (A) since we announced "early may", but not too bothered</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, I missed that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'll look up the email... is anyone else here messing around with demo?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; demo.dspace.org is an Amazon EC2 server that DuraSpace set up for the Dspace committers -- it is unmanaged, unless the committers want to manage it  (I'm the only one who has done anything on it thus far though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithg&gt; automatic builds and deploys would be cool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; so far i just use my own EC2 box for random testing but i wouldn't mind helping out with a shared one, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hudson would indeed be very cool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; any other votes for tdonohue's release date proposals?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; "(A) Freeze on 11th, release on 14th (2-3days testing).  OR (B) Freeze on 14th, Release on 21st (week of testing)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; I'm +1 on (A)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'd vote for (A) if we can quantify all outstanding bugs by then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm +1 on (B)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm good with either, to be honest. ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; A++ as its been stable with whats been committed thus far</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendig21.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'll observe that B misses "early May".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; uh-oh...here comes stuartlewis :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mhwood: that's really my only problem with B</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but if A puts too much pressure on ds-571 then i'm happy for B</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not too concerned about missing "early May", as in reality, we haven't made any real "official" announcement on an exact timeframe (at least not to dspace-general...there's been plenty of talk on dspace-devel)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Since there isn't a real strong driver, go for B if anyone wants, like mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, I'm willing to "lean" by a week, if it ends up making for a better 1.6.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithg&gt; +1 B, primarily because of the longer testing period</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Just reading the logs - I'll have 516 sorted by the weekend (1.6.1 add the dsrun capability and patch the current scripts to call dspace dsrun, and 1.7 remove the scripts)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; sounds like B has enough support.. and the only reason to go A is to try and fit with original announcement, so let's go for B</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; B +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, B +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I need to leave in about 10 minutes...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok..done.  I'll actually send out a more official announcement then to the community (kshepherd, I'll be sending you an email about).  1.6.1 will be on May 21st</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sounds good, thnx</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'm happy to discuss more 1.6.1 stuff post-meeting so you can carry on with teh rest of the agenda</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd like to also discuss 1.7.0 if we can today (I know there are many other things we also need to discuss)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Has everyone had a chance to read through my "brainstorm" here: <a href="http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.7.0+Notes">http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.7.0+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yes - looks great.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah, and i do agree strongly with the "No incompelte features in Trunk, ever" best practice</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Essentially, we still don't have a Release Coordinator, and I'm wondering whether we could try a "Committer Coordinated" release process, which would require tighter scheduling, but would lessen the burden on any *one* of us</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Just now seeing it, but looks good so far.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (and no, this doesn't clash with what i was saying earlier about JIRA issues, because i was talking about tiny bugfix patches there ;))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I still prefer having a release coordinator - they do a lot of the PR work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So the RC doesn't need to be a committer if we could find someone outside the group?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; could we perhaps farm the PR work off to the dspace outreach ambassadors, or something like that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Or ask one of them to take on the RC role? I can think of several people in that group who would be ideal.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PR work need not be *done* by a release coordinator though...it could be managed by that "Community Advisory Team" which we've been discussing (though it's been a while, that idea is still bouncing around amongst the outreach group / ambassadors)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I need to see what we will be getting out of GSoC before I commit to any of these other projects.  We need to have a features discussion that is a special topics meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; tdonohue: Agreed, just in the absence of such a group, a single RC would be good to get the community working together.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hmm, either dspace-devel is very slow today or i'm missing mail for some other reason..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I can live without a RC if we have a fixed schedule. Not so big on PR being a Release Coordinators job</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; PR maybe the wrong term - perhaps 'advocate' would be better.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Different RC's have approached the job differently in the past.  theres no "one way" to do it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis:  yea, Val &amp; I are hoping to get that group organized "soonish" though -- it's had good feedback on both sides, and we're hoping to move forward with that.  Any other PR work could come from Val &amp; I in the meantime as needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; It's not a biggie, I'm happy with or without one, but I think we need to address the public iterface side of things if we don't have one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; tdonohue: That's good news :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea -- agreed.  I'm just also pointing out that we having had an RC volunteer, so moving forward without one is probably better than sitting around doing nothing ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Having the Community Advisory Team doing the promotional/logistical announcements and discussion is fine as long as they are being accurate.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: agreed. Getting later volunteers would be OK</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- obviously, there would need to be accuracy -- the idea is that that Advisory team would likely have 1-3 committers on it anyways (or at least have committers in touch with them -- so announcements would still be coming via committers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any thoughts on the Timeline I proposed? Good/Bad? <a href="http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.7.0+Notes">http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.7.0+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I do see value of RC for feature-based releases though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Its ok, I want to know where/how we will manage the list of New Features and if we are needing agreement on their inclusion... or do people vote with their feet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: only thing is generally releases right around a holiday get lost....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Timeline looks great :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz: I'll mention, I'm perfectly willing to have an RC for 1.7 -- I'm just trying to "push" the point a bit, and show another option, since we haven't had a volunteer -- if we have a volunteer step forward, then we can have an RC, but we need to move forward either way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Well, I go back to my previous position that doing the release after the holiday in January gives us more time and less "lost"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i like the timeline, though i agree with pushing the release date so it's closer to "back at work" time for University general staff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; People who are keen to try it before January can always export what is there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, are we now rethinking the idea of a Dec release for 1.7?   My only thought is that we want to try and schedule Testathon so that it is *not* over a holiday/break (otherwise we'll get fewer testers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Would having the release before Christmas give us that extra little push to make sure it was released on time?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; It would be good to have it wrapped up by mid-Dec. The actual promotion date is a bit fungible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hm, good point about testing period</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; well, if we have a nice Testing framework... we may have more testathon testing tht we can bargan with</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 stuartlewis -- that's what I was hoping.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I thought the idea was:  testathon stays where it is, but release date slips to early January.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; acceptable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; (and two major releases in one year will look good for us)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood - I guess I don't see the benefit of pushing the release date to Jan then?  what does it give us? more bug fixing time? or just not having to cut it in mid-Dec?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, sorry guys, have to go, will catch up later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; perhaps delaying 'promotion' date like richardrodgers suggested is a better idea, if we're worried about the release "getting lost"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but still freezing/releasing in dec</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea.. I can understand that.  Or promoting both *before* the holidays and just *after*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; kshepherd: that's what I meant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It was suggested that mid-late December releases drown in the general year-end slowdown and holiday feeling.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Drown in what sense?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mhwood: which means mid-late December testathons are probably a disaster..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; brb, smoke</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Drown in developer effort to help with the final mile, or drown in no one upgrading once it is released (which isn't an issue?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I was just looking forward to a "Happy Holidays from DSpace" release announcement ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; "The 12 days of Christmas / DSpace" - 12 new features, one unwrapped each day</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ooh, almost like symfony+jobeet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, maybe a second announcement in January to renew interest after everybody is back and able to take on significant tasks (like upgrading DSpace).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll also note that the *real goal* here is to release on Dec 3 (assuming we only need RC1 -- but, we have a buffer to allow for an RC2)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it sounds like...most are in favor of "cutting" the release in Dec, but are worried that it could get ignored or missed (which means, we may also need to do a Jan release announcement).  Is that right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Personally I don't think people will miss it, or forget about it if we release in Dec. It just means they'll wait until Jan/Feb to do the upgrade.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; can't hurt to remind everyone in Jan anyway ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; A lot of poeple also seem to wait until 1.x.1 to upgrade anyway, so the sooner the better, so we can get cracking with 1.7.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'd like to announce in 2010, certainly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; excellent, sounds like we have a general plan, and general 1.7.0 timeline as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I've noticed we're over time...so, feel free to head out if you have to.  The official meeting can be considered closed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; the other concern I had is if folks *do* install in weeks following Dec 17, I won't be around to help...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i also agree with both the proposed 1.7 code committing rules</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; excellent.  Yes, please add any more comments to wiki page if you have them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd, do you want to "unofficially" meet with those of us that have time now? on 1.6.1?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yes - those rules are sensible, and will help alleiviate slippage a little while awaiting things to be completed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks for the feedback all -- the "rules" were a collaboration between brad &amp; I, and I'm glad to hear that others agree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; PeterDietz: re: DS-509 -- you're intending to i18nize this before committing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-509">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-509</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; yeah, i wasn't sure what i18n namespace to use. I'm going to do  org.dspace.statistics.util.LocationUtils.unknown.country and .city</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; since I've finally broken the 1st commit seal, I should be better about making progress on my issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I'll work on the following issues before next week: DS-516, DS-242, DS-498</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; that sounds fine to me.. would pay to involve Claudia and other regional i18n maintainers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; What about DS-550? Leave for 1.7? <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-550">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-550</a> (since nothing is broken, it is just an improvement)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; yep, she's given me her thumbs up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep i'm happy to keep that flagged for 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis: DS-550 is already scheduled for 1.7 -- I'd vote leave it there, as it's an improvement, not a bug :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; That's what I thought - was just checking since it's on my to-do list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'd like to get DS-559 in, though i need to study the datasets being generated by dspace-stats more closely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (another i18n issue - this time with statistics)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (UI display of statistics data, i should have said)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; and DS-522 (converting apache logs to solr format logs), thats a new feature, so once thats cleaned up / accepted, that would be targeted for 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; PeterDietz: yep agreed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, DS-559 might be one that would have to fall to 1.6.2 (if we have one) or 1.7, unless someone can get to it before May 14 freeze date</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Must go.  On advice, I moved a couple of my items from 1.6.1 to 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- sounds good, thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I posted  new Embargo doc in DS-430 - would love feedback so we can get it in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; PeterDietz: i've updated the affects/fix versions in JIRA for DS-522 for you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers: I read through DS-430  just yesterday.  Sounds good, but I'd like to see an *example* for setting up an embargo.  So, actually a step by step process of what you would do to define/enable your embargo with a real-life example.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers: the background and explanation is wonderful though -- just needs an example</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: OK, will provide</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep an example would be cool, the doc looks great though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks, that'd be great</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; The problem is not reproducing all the input_forms and other doc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Almost all is standard DSpace administration/configuration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, but maybe you could just give an example of something to insert into input_forms.xml, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'll give it a shot</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, (1) Add metadata fields (2) config embargo in dspace.cfg, (3) add field to input-forms.xml, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@184.39.8.146) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd: anything else that needs some eyes right now? or a volunteer?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd notes he's using the embargo framework in a very different way than it was intended, but it's working well ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; DS-524 needs checking and probably an XMLUI volunteer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-524">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-524</a> - Eperson netID is lost editing the record from the webUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; richardrodgers: a few smaller institutions have seemed a bit nervous that the embargo feature is a framework they need to extend rather than use "out of the box", but once it's explained that it's better to have the flexibility for everyone to implement their own embargo policies, they seem to understand. i'm also hoping that some early adopters with fairly generic embargo policies can share their setter/lifter plugins with the </span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmm...DS-524 might need more discussion, and may have to be pushed back.  I'm wary of adding more configs just for configs sake (as you can tell from my comment on the issue)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; kshepherd: yes, I'm doing some outreach by priming the pump - I wrote another setter &amp; will donate it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i don't use any alternative auth systems so i don't have a qualified opinion on the actual change in behavoiur</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd -- yea, robintaylor and I agreed on DS-524, that we really should just be treating netID similar to email.  I'm still not convinced otherwise (which is why it probably needs more discussion -- if anyone has a real reason why we need these configs, then it'd be good to understand it better)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (i.e. I'm not sure I totally understand andrea's explanation for DS-524 -- he may have a point that I'm just not understanding)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; if the workaround right now is that people just need to have ldap.enable = true (regardless of actually using LDAP) then it's probably something people have already learned to workaround, and may not be a critical issue for 1.6.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; am i understanding correctly?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i need to go pretty soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that's fine -- I'm just sticking around as long as you need to ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I think the workaround you described is correct.  This may have to remain a "known issue" until we can discuss it more</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I've got to run also - thanks all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@dhcp-18-111-30-22.dyn.mit.edu) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i can't see any other urgent unassigned stuff -- there's a pretty big bug in XMLUI collectino display when teh collection has a license, but YinYin has submitted a good simple fix that i'll commit today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; excellent -- that's good news, that means things are starting to wrap up nicely!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks for all your hard work as the 1.6.1 release coordinator -- you've been doing a great job</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; well :/ i've been slack on the communication front. but i'll try and pick that up this week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; if anyone feels like they're "out of the loop" or are not sure where things stand, please let me know and i'll try and update everyone on dspace-devel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no prob.  I'd suggest you definitey *should* send an email to dspace-devel in the next day or two announcing the "freeze date"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'll also try for an unofficial JIRA review on Saturday 8th 20:00GMT (Sunday 9th 8am NZT) if anyone is interested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; no obligation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm supposed to write up an update for 1.6.1 &amp; 1.7 for dspace.org site today/tomorrow -- so, I'll be sending out an update on the release day being on the 21st (and I'll copy you in on what I write up, so you can modify/tweak as needed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll admit, I don't tend to be online much on weekends (family time)...but, would be willing to chat next week as needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah.. just thinking that a review next week is going to be very close to freeze date</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but no probs anyway, i realise that timing doesn't suit most people. i'll be doing some work then anyway</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; true -- understood...I can see if I can pop online on Sat.  Otherwise, if you need anything from me, I'll be online on Mon (obviously)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok...I gotta head out of here now too...so, thanks for the updates and hard work!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; right, the emails with their little red exclamation marks are piling into my inbox, time to go attend to some IR administrators :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep me too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cheers all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithg&gt; bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* keithg (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) Quit (Quit: keithg)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:42]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* stuartlewis tends to ignore little red exclamtion marks - I decide what's important in my inbox, not the senders! </span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:43]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* PeterDietz likes that gmail doesn't let senders do anything my filters weren't designed to do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; That's just one of my little pet hates.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; stuartlewis: heh yeah same here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; everything's always urgent</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; That's true!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; can turn in to a "boy who cried wolf" situation ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Hopefully 'life up north' with only one set of people to make happy will be less stressful :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; heh, i'm mostly kidding anyway, everyone i work with is realistic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; stuartlewis: I've nothing against people being able to flag that something is important to them - but not when they set it on every mail they send as default</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I hate people who set read receipts on every email too. Important emails maybe, but every email?! I just ignore them. It's up to me whe nI read the email, I don't have to tell you I've read it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:58]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue plots to send several urgent messages to both grahamtriggs and stuartlewis just saying "hi"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; lol</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; time for more coffee</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:59]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue heading offline for a while...bye all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Dan_Davis (~43f22e74@gateway/web/freenode/x-smpxwmzwguyinycx) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@64.134.220.84) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@184.39.8.146) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@184.39.8.146) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@64.134.220.84) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@184.39.8.146) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@184.39.8.146) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>