<span class="irc-date">[0:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@130.216.169.101) Quit (Quit: stuartlewis)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-77-42.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: stuartlewis)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-77-42.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Your forward and reverse DNS do not match, ignoring hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@184.73.169.236) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: grahamtriggs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@62.189.56.2) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-77-42.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@62.189.56.2) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bess (~bess@171.66.84.164) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bess (~bess@171.66.84.164) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jefftrimble (~jefftrimb@maag127.maag.ysu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bess (~bess@99-105-58-164.lightspeed.sntcca.sbcglobal.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Dev Meeting in #duraspace in 10 minutes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* HardyPottinger (80ce8627@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.134.39) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cccharles (~user@131.104.62.55) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Hooray: Todays dev meeting: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-11-03">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-11-03</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Topic: DSpace 1.7 RC1 is in two days. Is all your stuff ready to go?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@18.111.4.88) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Also: look over the documentation to make sure features have their needed things, especially if you've committed a new feature</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Also: Testathon is next week, here's a pretend preview of what the site will look like with the uservoice feedback button. <a href="http://duraspace.uservoice.com/admin/widgets/demo">http://duraspace.uservoice.com/admin/widgets/demo</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; The links will take the user to a feedback forum: <a href="http://duraspace.uservoice.com/forums/84583-dspace-1-7-feedback">http://duraspace.uservoice.com/forums/84583-dspace-1-7-feedback</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; umm, thats enough pasting in pre-written scripts. Lets begin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@207.138.47.158) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; First, any questions?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; Just about to commit a TableRowIterator change so that it retains the list of columnnames, instead of DatabaseManager trying to generate them on every row.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Are we still trying to cut a testable instance Fri?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; PeterDietz: Looks good - hopefully the uservoice function will get used.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; stuartlewis, others who would want to host a testathon instance, I can share the embed code, so that everyone who runs an instance can also have a feedback button to the same centralized feedback site</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Nice</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Yep that's cool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; richardrodgers, yes, I was hoping/planning to cut on friday, I can do this on saturday, if we'd like to allow for everyone to finish up things this week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.24.218) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; PeterDietz: either way is OK - it had more to do with whether you will have cycles to incorporate the SEO stuff by then...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ahh yes, I would like to have scholar in the first release candidate, it would be a good way to get feedback, and perhaps Google can chime in on whether or not it works for them, perhaps they'll run googlebot over demo.dspace.org and see that we're doing things properly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; For everyone that this is news to, we're adding special metatags that work well with googlescholarbot, so that metadata in a dspace instance will be associated with a pdf in google scholar</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; In other news, grahamtriggs, is awarded the night owl award, perhaps we can all mail him some live owls</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Plenty of fixes have been flowing in, and other reindexing enhancements have been happening, cheers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Yea grahamtriggs: when do we get our code back?    ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; OK, So, does anyone have any more 1.7 things to talk about.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Finally, I updated the Roadmap to help steer a user towards what they're looking for. (Improved with color). <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/RoadMap">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/RoadMap</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jefftrimble&gt; Documentation is being caught up as we speak.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; few more patches/fixes coming from MIT before the end of the week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; and documentation on google scholar functionality.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jefftrimble&gt; oooo  that would be nice......</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; it's not terribly complex, but requires some detail.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jefftrimble&gt; Some documentation may look "funky" when producing PDF files until "we" all get the hang of producing comparable pdfs that we got out of docbook</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; we are doing all docs in the wiki now, is that correct?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jefftrimble&gt; yes...and I have a guideline to put up there...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; morning all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jefftrimble&gt; my biggest mantra is:  Do no harm.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jefftrimble&gt; :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I ran into some material that looked like it didn't translate properly.  I fixed it up (I hope) but there may be more I haven't seen.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jefftrimble&gt; if you touch it, it will send me email to let me know....  :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jefftrimble&gt; no fear, I carry a pooper scooper with my laptop for documentation cleanups and messes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jefftrimble&gt; so far those who have edited have done nicely.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jefftrimble&gt; I still offer to edit something if you are fearful or just need  a little extra hand.  :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; are there any gotchyas to watch out for that will help with the PDF translation?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jefftrimble&gt; Sands, we don't know yet.  It looks like the learning curve is writing a complex style sheets.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; k</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jefftrimble&gt; {code} takes up twice the room as it did in docbook output.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jefftrimble&gt; So, in many instances I'm attempting to replace {cdoe} with {{ monospaced font}}</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jefftrimble&gt; that's a long way off...probably by the decembe release that will be revised.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yeah, {code} taught me to look for something else too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jefftrimble&gt; {{ monospace font}} works.....there is a BIG document on customizing in Confluence.  Again like docbook, not for the faint-hearted.  LOL</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; MIT, glad to hear that things are coming in. Be sure to update the release notes when features/etc are more or less committed. As in the unsure section should be updated, and things moved up to "New Features"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Eww, physical markup....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; PeterDietz: will do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jefftrimble&gt; yeah, the Rich Text editing tool isn't good for nitty gritty...you have to use Wiki Markup.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Do we want a 'readathon' or is that encompassed in the testathon?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jefftrimble&gt; As with 1.6.x we found most errors due to the testathon and corrected as needed.  After 1.6, each one got easier.  We're at the beginning again since moving to Confluence.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jefftrimble&gt; I'll be happy to have anyone who wants to read the docs.   :-)  Accuracy is what we're looking for, not necessarily presentation (e.g. how pretty does it look).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think documentation quality is part of software testing, but now that you mention it, it might be more inviting to cast it as a separate activity, to attract people who don't code or don't feel up to wading through DSpace code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; k - just wondered if we wanted to call it out separately...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jefftrimble&gt; Agree.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I don't think there's a way to modify confluence.duraspace, which means I can't stick some "Feedback" button embed code in there. In the uservoice feedback, a person can categorize their feedback/complaint as one of {xmlui|jspui|discovery|documentation}, however, I don't know if people will think to categorize, or even if that will be needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jefftrimble&gt; We've asked before, no takers.... not too many brave souls like to proof and find problems.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jefftrimble&gt; But if the feedback button does give a documentation opportunity, that would be better than no feedback.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Another sidenote, is that Mark WhosNotHere Diggory wants to switch from using osuosl to host maven to going with sonatype. This is over my head, since I've not cut a release yet, but wondering if anyone had input on that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Don't have an opinion - but it's a just a little pom change, no?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Are our artifacts usable for anything other than DSpace?  If not, my first reaction is that they should not be in a general repository.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; mhwood: do you mean by "a general repository", just a maven hierarchy, as it is today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I meant:  the well-known repo.s contain (mostly) artifacts that are generally useful.  I feel that stuff which only relates to other parts of itself should be out of the way.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; my understanding is that all dspace artifacts are currently distributed to maven central.   this is a pretty broad use repo.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; that's correct.. dspace stuff is on repo1.maven.org, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; that is one question.  i think it is maybe orthogonal to mark's suggestion though, which is (i believe) just that we use the Sonatype tool for managing the repository, instead of manually distributing to repositories.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i don't think Mark is talking about anything to do with where the released/distributed artifacts end up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; sandsfish: yes, that's how i read it too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; eg, replace <a href="http://maven.dspace.org">http://maven.dspace.org</a> with a sonatype repo (possibly hosted elsewhere)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, so I'm confused along several dimensions.  Close mouth, begin reading....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; :)  yeah, i'm not entirely sure if it means replace maven.dspace.org, or if it means managing maven.dspace.org with the sonatype tool.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (oh, btw, I meant Mark D when i said Mark, just to be clear ;))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; perhaps mark d. could clarify on dspace-devel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Alright, then I'll jump to a next topic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Also, any input on what features should be active on demo.dspace.org? I'd like to give discovery some exposure, so it can be tested more thoroughly before the final release. Any viewpoints on having our main testathon use normal xmlui, or discovery xmlui?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; (we don't actually have to make this decision, as i see it, until the release of 1.7)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; Peter:  what auth is typically deployed there?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; re demo: i think it'd be useful to show off discovery using the mirage xmlui theme</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; i think maybe Shib wasn't there in the past.  i don't know if that's even a possibility, considering the back-end requirements.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; demo.dspace.org is using basic email auth i believe</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If we have to choose, I'd say without Discovery, since (as I recall) 1.7 will ship with Discovery turned off.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; right, if it's one or the other, then definitely 'without' discovery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; i have to admit, i've not been keeping up with discovery and how it manifests.  is it a separate UI / webapp?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i don't think it's *too* hard to just add an extra paragraph to a second XMLUI link on demo.dsapce.org that says something like "This app showcases the [experimental] solr search shipped with dspace 1.7" so people don't expect it out of box</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; if it doesn't get in the way, perhaps it would be good to have present so we can play?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; discovery is just an aspect you add to xmlui, solr has a new core in the backend</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; gotchya</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; sandsfish: it's been squeezed into trunk as a module with its own api and xmlui aspects/overlays, essentially</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i think i said that right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; i guess i'd vote without then, and a separate instance to showcase it, if it's possible and easy.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; very easy, just not free ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; How do we feel about Postgres driver 9.0-801.jdbc3?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; How do *you* feel about it?  It's rather new.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Re:discovery, Its an interesting addition, and our testing site can deviate from what you get out of the box, provided we make it clear what we're showing. I think users would be interested to see whats available in the next release. And this would give something worth checking out. I'm on the fence currently.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mhwood: well, the one we're using is rather old - and it appears to pre-date some useful performance enhancements. I'm just playing with 9.0 right now, no problems so far - although I'm also using a 9.0 database (no problems with that either)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithgilbertson&gt; discovery: I think we should show it somewhere.  Because it's newer code, it may be a good opportunity to find bugs early</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; PeterDietz: i just think it's such a visually (and functionally, for search) obvious addition to 1.7 that it'd be a pity to ignore it completely. there are plenty of other cool new features in 1.7, but i don't know how much testing AIP, curation etc. will get on demo.dspace.org</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; it's an easy thing to "demo"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but again, i know users should be made aware that it's probably not ready for production use yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; some notes on the front page may clarify that, if we do decide to include it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithgilbertson&gt; right. it wasn't clear to me that discovery is "beta" (even though I'm sure it's been mentioned several times)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; grahamtriggs: i haven't fooled with postgres 9 yet, but built-in replication is enticing me...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; jdbc-postgresql:  8.1 *is* rather old.  I'm using 8.4_p701 here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; how new is 9.0-801?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (42c93036@gateway/web/freenode/ip.66.201.48.54) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Gentoo hasn't packaged 9 yet (but then, it took a couple years of prodding to get them up from 8.0. )-:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; sandsfish: just over a month, although it's a minor revision to a dev release that they made in May</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ClaudiaJuergen (~Miranda@i5387637F.versanet.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; grahamtriggs: is it backward compatible? a lot of folks can't go to 9 yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; richardrodgers: probably... although I wouldn't swear to it as I've not tried it or seen any explicit references</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; (I've only *just* started to play with it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (42c93036@gateway/web/freenode/ip.66.201.48.54) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Perhaps a more recent 8.x?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue_ (42c93036@gateway/web/freenode/ip.66.201.48.54) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; discovery: Definitely worthy of demonstrating, and demo.dspace.org already has a bunch of public content, whether its well curated or not, so I'm thinking to show it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; mhwood:  a recent 8.x sounds reasonable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; although Postgres advice is: "Consider upgrading your JDBC driver to the latest version. It should be backwards compatible and may have fixed your problem."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Since we're nearing the end of the hour, I'll add that: DSUG 2010 is in Baltimore next week (Wednesday). I'll be giving an overview of 1.7 (mostly whats in it for me) -- <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/SPARC+DSpace+User+Group+Meeting+Fall+2010">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/SPARC+DSpace+User+Group+Meeting+Fall+2010</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'd say &gt;= 8.4 at least</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue_&gt; PeterDietz -- just catching up here.  maybe you could enable two versions of XMLUI?   One with Discovery and one without?  Not tried that myself, but it could be a way to promote the differences between Discovery and normal XMLUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jefftrimble (~jefftrimb@maag127.maag.ysu.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; i've got one other 1.7 question before we wrap up.  commons-dbcp.  i would like to bump it to the latest version.  any complaints?  there seem to be some significant bug fixes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue_&gt; PeterDietz -- what I mean is actually creating a '<a href="http://demo.dspace.org/xmluiDisc/">http://demo.dspace.org/xmluiDisc/</a> path (or similar), to go alongside the existing <a href="http://demo.dspace.org/xmlui/">http://demo.dspace.org/xmlui/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, would not like to see Discovery left out, but if there can be only one then it should be the default one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; That might involve some tomcat trickery that might give the user the misleading impression that they can run both in tandem. It would be better to have seperate instances, or to change things up on people each day. Theme of Day One: Discover whats new with DSpace, Theme of Day Two:....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue_: yeah, i think teh tricky bit we're worried about it making sure users know it's switched off by default, and that it may not be production-ready</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Put a big red BETA sign and warning in the header?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; <a href="http://www.sonyinsider.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/07/beta-splash.jpg">http://www.sonyinsider.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/07/beta-splash.jpg</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah.. i don't actually see it as a hard problem, just seemed like we were going back and forth for a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ClaudiaJuergen&gt; ah damn, I'm an hour late</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; discovery:  who would be the one to configure a separate instance?  the one who has to do the work should probably decide if it's feasible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue_ (42c93036@gateway/web/freenode/ip.66.201.48.54) Quit (Ping timeout: 265 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (42c93036@gateway/web/freenode/ip.66.201.48.54) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; it would be possible to have the discovery applications alongside the non-discovery applications... but the non-discovery applications wouldn't update the discovery indexes if you add/change an item (and possibly vice versa)... so, they would have to be entirely separate 'repositories'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue is on incredibly crappy wireless -- sorry if I keep dropping out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ...could emulate that by having a cron task run every hour to keep the discovery-solr-index in sync</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; commons-dbcp:  if there are no oppositions to the new version, the final question is, do we go with the JDBC 3 or 4 version.  apache website states:  "DBCP 1.4 compiles and runs under JDK 1.6 only (JDBC 4)  DBCP 1.3 compiles and runs under JDK 1.4-1.5 only (JDBC 3)".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs -- that's an idea.   Have a separate testathon install with Discovery enabled -- and send people there for testing of it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ...so, if anyone is going to host their own testathon let me know. This would be easy to help people see the difference between dspace-plain, and dspace + discovery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson_ (~keithgilb@207.138.47.158) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@207.138.47.158) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson_ is now known as keithgilbertson</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; DSpace 1.7 requires JDK 1.6 so it looks to me like the decision is made:  DBCP 1.4.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to what mhwood says</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; ok, wanted to make sure the "JDBC4" thing wasn't a problem.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- if there are no takers to setup another testathon instance, technically we could just install a second DSpace on demo.dspace.org, and enable Discovery in that second DSpace only</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-77-42.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i.e. you could still end up with a demo.dspace.org/xmluiDisc/ path -- but it would actually point at an entirely separate install of DSpace.  Not sure if that would get way too confusing for testers though (so, a separate site may be better, if we have a volunteer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; so, we need to move to the JDBC 4 Postgres driver anyway....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; do we?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'm running 1.6 with old drivers &amp; I bet you all are too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ddddd (5229fd08@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.253.8) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; doesn't make any sense to go to dbcp 1.4, without going to the jdbc 4 variant of postgres drivers (regardless of which revision)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; btw, in all my profiling of the browse and associated queries, by far our most expensive SQL now is.... 'SELECT 1' (but that's because it is executed by DBCP as a normal statement, and not a prepared one)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; grahamtriggs:  commons-dbcp 1.4 supports JDBC4 but i don't believe it requires the use of its features.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; also, I think I'll change the update-discovery-index to do solr.search.autocommit. As I mentioned to a few last week, you get a 10x performance boost for the initial indexing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* HardyPottinger (80ce8627@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.134.39) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'll leave to hard solr.committing after every update/delete so that though happen "for sure"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So we don't get the nifty new features, but we *do* get bugfixes....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I have no opinion either way - I'm just trying keep distinct issues distinct...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; sandsfish: but? We're requiring people to use a JDBC 4 platform (Java 6), we're using DBCP 1.4 supporting JDBC 4, and we ought to update the Postgres jdbc driver version anyway because it's older than the ark... what good reason is there for not making it the JDBC 4 version?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; grahamtriggs:  not argument there. i think if it doesn't cause any issues, there's no reason not to use it.  i just don't think we're forced to use the jdbc4 drivers.  either should be fine, unless i'm missing something.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; not=no</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i think richardrodgers is right -- these are separate.  We should go to DBCP 1.4 -- we should investigate whether it's also easy enough to update our JDBC drivers (assuming there are no unanticipated issues, this seems like a good move to me)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I need to go.  Will catch up later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-77-42.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Ok, meeting officially finished up. I'll stick around for a few more moments. Thanks all for coming, and sorry to those who's time zones have changed, the US will get that this next weekend</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; thanks Peter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Thanks Peter &amp; all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks PeterDietz &amp; all for the great work on 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@18.111.4.88) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; thanks peter, cheers all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ClaudiaJuergen&gt; thanks Peter &amp; all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ddddd (5229fd08@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.253.8) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (42c93036@gateway/web/freenode/ip.66.201.48.54) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.24.218) Quit (Quit: sandsfish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ClaudiaJuergen (~Miranda@i5387637F.versanet.de) Quit (Quit: Miranda IM! Smaller, Faster, Easier. <a href="http://miranda-im.org)">http://miranda-im.org)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm_ is now known as scottatm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bess (~bess@99-105-58-164.lightspeed.sntcca.sbcglobal.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: stuartlewis)</span><br />
