<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2010-09-29
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: grahamtriggs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* snail (~stuart@130.195.179.88) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* snail (~stuart@130.195.179.88) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:07]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:07]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:07]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:07]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:07]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-75-101-201-223.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 20:32:05 UTC 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Disconnected.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:13]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:13]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:13]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:13]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:13]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:40]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:40]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:40]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 20:32:05 UTC 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- [freenode-info] please register your nickname...don't forget to auto-identify! <a href="http://freenode.net/faq.shtml#nicksetup">http://freenode.net/faq.shtml#nicksetup</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@nat-ansatte.cbs.dk) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@nat-ansatte.cbs.dk) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@nat-ansatte.cbs.dk) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK1 (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@nat-ansatte.cbs.dk) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (81d7473d@gateway/web/freenode/ip.129.215.71.61) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-217-116.sd.sd.cox.net) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK1 (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke1 (~kevin@adsl-235-49-191.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-235-49-191.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Quit: Heading out...talk to you later.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke1 is now known as ksclarke</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* alxp (~alxp@PC044.ROBLIB.UPEI.CA) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cccharles (~user@131.104.62.55) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSpace Developers Mtg will start here in a few minutes.  Today's general agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-09-29">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-09-29</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* phnglui (~JamesRuss@131.187.102.6) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, looks like it's top of the hour.  So we may as well get started with the DSpace Developers Mtg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-96-237-109-32.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First up is a JIRA review -- here's a link to recent issues: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;&amp;pid=10020&amp;resolution=-1&amp;created%3Aprevious=-13w&amp;assigneeSelect=&amp;sorter/field=created&amp;sorter/order=ASC">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;&amp;pid=10020&amp;resolution=-1&amp;created%3Aprevious=-13w&amp;assigneeSelect=&amp;sorter/field=created&amp;sorter/order=ASC</a>   (We'll be starting shortly with DS-624)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* gilbertsonk (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Cocoon "Malformed stream" error when submitting large files from IE : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-624">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-624</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i recall a mailing list thread about this, too, but i've not encountered it myself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yea, this does seem familiar to me as well -- anyone have thoughts on this, or want to volunteer to look into?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Needs more information:  Cocoon logs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@dhcp-18-111-1-134.dyn.mit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; dspace-tech thread: <a href="http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-tech@lists.sourceforge.net/msg11127.html">http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-tech@lists.sourceforge.net/msg11127.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (not much more info than the jira issue though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* JohnDavison (83bb6605@gateway/web/freenode/ip.131.187.102.5) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; seems like it should be investigated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aha, I do recall this -- to me, at the time, it seemed as though it was a "timeout" problem (the upload timed out, and cocoon threw an ugly error which made little sense).  But, I never was able to get it to happen on my end</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any volunteer to followup and/or investigate/test further?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd is just quickly trying to reproduce now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jc_OL (83bb420f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.131.187.66.15) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-624 -- keep open for now, needs a volunteer.  Tim will add a comment to issue about our discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; the instructions from the email as to how to reproduce (not yet tried by me):</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; *. Log as dspacedemo+ad...@gmail.com</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; *. Access to "01 - OR2010 Collection 2" collection.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt; *. Submit a 13Mb file only specifying "title" (mandatory field).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (that collection's gone now, but that shouldn't be relevant)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- I thought I had tried that back then and was unable to reproduce (later on in email thread) -- but, it still could use more analysis</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm gonna move on for now -- but, help testing DS-624 is welcome -- need to reproduce it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; API for exchange of Usage Data over OAI-PMH or SUSHI : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-626">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-626</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'll volunteer if i can reproduce and actually think i'm capable of fixing :P</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; looks like this was posted during OR'10</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (re 624)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd -- ok, how about I assign DS-624 to you, and you can comment on what you find initially -- we can reassign later if necessary</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; looks fine - but I'm not sure what the ticket wants..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: yep that's fine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Wants for someone to implement it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; We all have our own usage statistics, perhaps being able to implement OAI on top, so a stats-engine, can looks at federated usage stats</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; OK, it wasn't clear that it was a new API design wanted, not impl</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; so this is an available project for an eager developer out there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; solr-stats data is very easy to surface in any shape or form we like, so this shouldn't be *too* much work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, should we just keep DS-626 open for now, and keep searching for a volunteer to implement?  Unless anyone here is interested?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i don't know anything about the standard referred to though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, let's keep it open.  I agree with the poster that this is worth looking into.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-626 -- keep open for now &amp; unscheduled .  we need a volunteer to investigate and/or implement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt;  Documentation refers to install-configs script : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-627">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-627</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Sidenote: As of 1.6 we've considered /bin/ scripts to have been deprecated, so its just pulling the plug on them, then to update docs (and what we say in dspace-tech)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yuck -- that's definitely a mistake in the docs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1 for 1.7 doc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 for 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gilbertsonk&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Motion carries</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone want to draft up a better version of these docs section, or better yet, fix it in our new Wiki-based docs?   Otherwise, I'll just assign to Jeff Trimble to see if he can find someone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-627 -- assign to Jeff Trimble for 1.7, he may or may not need some help replacing these areas of docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Make the timeout for the extended resolver dnslookup configurable : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-628">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-628</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gilbertsonk&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; +1, I've personally needed to do this (hard coded) during stats import</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1, this seems like a logical fix, and relatively small change.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-217-116.sd.sd.cox.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; anyone want to volunteer to do a quick test and commit it for 1.7?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; do we want a "no lookup, addresses only" configuration option too?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; oh, it's reverse</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; The patch looks good, would claudia want it assigned to her?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sure, we can assign to Claudia and just ask her to commit it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-628 : assign to Claudia -- approved for committing to Trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Question for DS-628 actually -- do we want to change the default here?  if 20ms is problematic on most systems, why not change it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (noticed the patch has the config set to 20ms in dspace.cfg)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Its been a few months since my SOLR days, I'm not sure I know best</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That makes sense.  200ms?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it looks like Claudia is suggesting it should normallly be set to 2000-5000ms (2-5 secs).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The Solr client uses apache HTTPClient and farms out async threads from a pool for each request.  I suspect there will be a threshold where the pool will get exhausted on significant loads. So there will  be a trade off, do not set this too high.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; What happens at high request rates if many are timing out?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Wow, asnwered before asked!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- any suggestions as to what it should be set to then?  does 20ms make the most sense, or 200ms    (I'd just like to determine what is a reasonable default for "most people")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We may have to just pick something and see how it works in the field, unless there are data already.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; how it works during an intense crawl will be quite different to how it works in a quiet time, so it might not be immediately apparent, either</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- we'll leave at 20ms then for now, I guess.  I wasn't sure if anyone here had more experience with this and already had to "bump it up" (similar to Claudia)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Let's do one last JIRA issue...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Wrong Parameter Name in web.xml comment : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-631">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-631</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bump it up to 200, if we see continued cases, then bump it up further</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- ok.  For DS-628 assign to claudia and ask her to bump to 200ms for default.  Commit to trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-631 seems like it should just be committed, if this parameter is indeed wrong</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; agreed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; volunteer to double-check DS-631 &amp; then commit it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1, volunteering</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- assign DS-631 to mhwood to analyze &amp; commit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll stop there for today!  On to 1.7 discussions, starring PeterDietz :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Following JIRA review is a status update on 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I don't have any "behind the scenes" 1.7 updates to share, hence behind the scenes, but I would like to get a pulse of how far along things are and, that you all are on track to get things in by freeze dates.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; So, ... If you need help, ask around, someone might be able to spare a few dev cycles.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes the "freeze date" for features is Oct 22 -- 3 weeks from Friday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Do we want to do a progress report check?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sure -- seems logical to open it up to updates from anyone working on big features</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ok, this should be open ended, no prodding from me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Curation looks like it will be ready - I just posted a writeup <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/CurationSystem">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/CurationSystem</a> which I encourage all to read &amp; critique</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; WIthin a day, all the code should be in the branch, so people can check it out &amp; give it a spin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers -- cool!  is there a link to the code that we can put on that page?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh -- you answered before I even asked...thanks :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: good point, I'll add that link</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I noted in the agenda that my plan is to swap out our License headers for 1.7 (with the smaller new DuraSpace header).  Not a feature, but I hope to have this done *before* Oct 22, if possible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: we can add that into the maven pom and do it just prior to the first release candidate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- ok.  that'd work to, if that's easiest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- speaking of which, how is the maven work going?  is the plan to get your maven reorg work into 1.7?  Is there help you need?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; update the license header you want here <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/licenses/LICENSE_HEADER">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/licenses/LICENSE_HEADER</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Header text needs year range updated.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll update the License Header in SVN -- the new one actually doesn't have a year range, if you recall (this was all discussed before OR10 -- see <a href="http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-devel@lists.sourceforge.net/msg03587.html">http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-devel@lists.sourceforge.net/msg03587.html</a> )</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Maven reorg work is probably in need of a few more eyes.  Our largest challenge is in what the final goal is for 1.7 rather than thinking longer term</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; for 1.7 the current goal is to shift dspace-xxx resources to a release process separate from the "dspace" assembly/config directory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- do you want to point us to work/writeup that specifically "needs more eyes"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; It is still in need of more complete documentation, but when ready I will post a link</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other updates from anyone?  Is our 1.7 possible features listing still "mostly accurate"? <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.7.0+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.7.0+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (obviously feel free to update that list yourself, as needed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'm behind on the 'CGI' stuff - it is a stretch goal for 1.7 ATM</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; i'm currently working on extending the implementation for google scholar to select a representative PDF for inclusion in the metadata, as it turns out Google Scholar is not interested in seeing their metadata schema unless they have an artifact to point to via URL.  this is challenging considering the heterogeneous nature of DSpace items (compared to something like ePrints).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I don't have any progress on user being able to login from any page (and stay on that page).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; sandsfish: is the pdf not living in the same "subfolder" a blocker for GScholar?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers: OK -- good to know (If anyone else is very interested in the CGI work, feel free to volunteer to help out! <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/CGIProposal">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/CGIProposal</a> )</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; PeterDietz: there is a specific metadata tag in their meta-tag schema called "citation_pdf_url", which they expect to link directly to a representative PDF of the item, otherwise, even with the rest of the metadata present, their search results cannot send a user/searcher to an artifact (using the item URL here apparently falls short of their desires).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; i'll update on the list with my progress.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; sandsfish,  pdf_url "must refer to a file in the same subdirectory as the HTML abstract"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We had one last agenda item -- it sounds like the 1.7 updates are done</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; PeterDietz: considering the obscured nature of "subdirectories" in webapp url translation, i'm not sure how much we need to conform to that.  i will look into it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; PeterDietz: the s</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; PeterDietz: the same exact subdir?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Did we want to move on to any Maven Dependency discussions needed? This highly involves mdiggory and sandsfish, from this thread: <a href="http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-devel@lists.sourceforge.net/msg04035.html">http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-devel@lists.sourceforge.net/msg04035.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or any underneath it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So it would need to be... /handle/1234.5/67890/foo.pdf</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I don't feel we need to bow to gScholar, hopefully, subdir.domain.com/handle AND subdir.domain.com/bitstream both having same domain / subdomain is what they meant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; isn't MIT talking directly to the Google Scholar folks?  Seems like this could be a question you could just ask them, if it is unclear</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but  subdirectory is not subdomain</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yep we (Sands) are tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; tdonohue:  yes, i will check with them directly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; excellent.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory &amp; sandsfish, was there anything we need to discuss about the Maven Dependency thread going on on dspace-devel?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; tdonohue: as far as the maven dependency discussion goes, i think my prevailing concern is that if institutions use maintenance branches, they will be building with transient snapshot releases.  mdiggory, is this the case?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I do not think if you use 1.6.0-SNAPSHOT, that you will get 1.7.0-SNAPSHOT artifacts, if that is what you mean</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; if i check out the 1_6_x branch and built with it, i will be building with dependencies that are not "release", that is my understanding and concern.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but yes, a maintenance branch will have "SNAPSHOT" identified in it.  If the intention is to be able to increment and restrict to a specific maintenance svn revision, then we would almost need to release every ssingle commit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that's correct. e.g. If you had checked out the 1_6_x branch between the 1.6.1 and  1.6.2, you would have been building based on '1.6.2-SNAPSHOT' (i.e. code that is between releases)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; there should probably be a rule that a maintenance branches do not use SNAPSHOT dpendencies outside the core dspace-xxx projects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5229fd08@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.253.8) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; i think the important thing here is to have a well-documented understanding of the dependency resolution process.  i'll try to document what i know and perhaps it will be filled out as other eyes are on it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; And by what I state, I mean that the branch should be made from the 1.6.0 tag and not the trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; because the tag will have all snapshot dependencies resolved</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sandsfish: that sounds like a good route forward -- hopefully we can clarify &amp; improve our maven and/or svn branch processes as needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: that process would be worth investigating and changing as necessary</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; mdiggory: that seems to be a good way to ensure more consistent builds from those branches.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: that's correct. e.g. If you had checked out the 1_6_x branch between the 1.6.1 and  1.6.2, you would have been building based on '1.6.2-SNAPSHOT' (i.e. code that is between releases) &lt;--- IMO that means your getting whatever the last 1.6.2-SNAPSHOT artifact deployed int he SNAPSHOT repo is.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; i would still recommend that we don't declare repositories anywhere except for the parent POM.  i don't know of any projects that don't explicitly reference the parent POM, so you'd still be able to build individual projects.  it would make it easier to make adjustments and also for institutions to configure their own local repositories in one place.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- yea, that would be wrong, and we do need to resolve that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: is it worng?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you would need to publish artifacts for each and every commit to do otherwise</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- well, it is now, as we don't actually tend to deploy snapshots (we don't have something automated like bamboo)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I know I instituted a policy of using maintenance branches at MIT rather than tags, I have a tendency to suggest otherwise now days.  It may actually be that practice that is not appropriate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and not "conventional" form a Maven standpoint</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notices we're over time here </span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sandsfish: the snapshot repo definition in all the poms is there to assure you can get to the artifacts if you want to build that project individually without checking out the entire branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- not sure I understand that stmt (but, then again, I don't know MIT's policies)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I have to run, but I can't escape the feeling that we are conflating different use cases here - that of a user downloading/deploying vs developers checking out of branches</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; tdonohue:  i'll get some skeleton documentation up on the wiki and we can use that as a framework for the continuation of the discussion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: tdonohue it has to do with having a clean dev, test, prod deployment setup</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tags should be used for test and prod, branches for dev</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; mdiggory: if the project references the parent POM (almost all do) you don't need the repository declarations locally.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sandsfish -- there would be appreciated.  I think we may all be misunderstanding one another in some way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not if the parent pom is not resolvable in the file system at that time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; it needs to then be published somewhere, that is why the repo reference is in all the poms</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; got to run, I'll read the transcripts - thanks all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; All --feel free to head out if you need to.  Consider the meeting closed.   (though, I'll stick around if mdiggory &amp; sandsfish still want to continue this discussion)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-96-237-109-32.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I too must go, will catch up later.  Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; (this all screams for some best/recommended practices documents.)  :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 sandsfish -- we need more documented best practices</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so that the parent can be resolved independently, which is actually a practice used...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if you look in the modules directory, this whole issue is aleviated because parents are versioned and released independently of the children they are used in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; mdiggory: ...though, anyone that has done a build locally will have the dspace-parent POM in their local repo.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (5229fd08@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.253.8) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* JohnDavison (83bb6605@gateway/web/freenode/ip.131.187.102.5) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; doesn't matter and shouldn't be relied on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jc_OL (83bb420f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.131.187.66.15) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Maven builds should always be designed such that they would execute with a fresh checkout of all the artifacts</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; it's a question of if it is worth lots of duplication and difficulty if those settings are desired to be changed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if there is a dependency on install artifacts in your local repo first, that creates some serious problems.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* phnglui (~JamesRuss@131.187.102.6) Quit (Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.86 [Firefox 3.6.10/20100914125854])</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; anyhow this is a moot point because the work I'm trying to do now, breaks the parent off into its own release versioning and so that your not dependent on have those definitions there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; is this new versioned parent going to be one common parent used by the core, and the modules, and any other dspace project?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-pom/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-pom/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; so for instance, the main dspace project, the spring services framework, and the modules will all use this one parent, such that one change affects them all?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; with separate tag releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-pom/tags/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-pom/tags/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Think of it more like, the parent has a release cycle that is only ever "major" and is only ever released when a change needs to be made to it. It is much more static and unchanging over time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; at this point, dpendencyManagment is excluded from said parent</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; because dependency management varies more often</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; Right, but my question is, is this one Parent POM to rule them (dspace projects) all?  Or are there separate parent POMs for different sections (i.e. services framework, etc.)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm still working out the details on dependencyManagment sections, and I can only say at this time "maybe"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; ok.  i'll be happy to review the documentation once you've had a chance to get it in front of more eyes.  just want to understand all its implications.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; mdiggory:  one more question before i run out of here.  is the code that Cocoon was patched with (currently used in the trunk) not managed / viewable anywhere?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; dependencyManagement in the parent causes a topdown control and all the dspace-xxx parts to need to be checked out to work on something... spreading the dependencies back out into their corresponding projects where they are used is more "modular"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; a source jar was never produced. But the patch to the 1.0.0 codebase is available...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This is version of the cocoon servlet service with patched as per the following tickets:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt;     <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-253">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-253</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt;     with patch...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt;     <a href="https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/COCOON-2217">https://issues.apache.org/jira/browse/COCOON-2217</a> This is deployed to fix issues with streams not closing we cannot use cocoon-servlet0service-impl 1.1.0 or 1.2.0 as they break block deployment.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; oh, thats pleasant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; JIRA is currently being reindexed. Depending on how large the database is, this may take a few minutes. Jira will automatically become available as soon as this task is complete.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This process is 42% Completed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sandsfish: We have to be carefull suggesting that "one parent rules them all"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; Ok, well I'll review that later.  We want to patch the "white screen of death" locally because it happens 3 times a day for us but we wanted to make sure we knew what was changing so we could look for any adverse side effects.  thanks for the info.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; yeah, it sounds like it bears some benefit analysis.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; i've gotta run unfortunately.  cheers all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if theres a dependency on dspace-foo --&gt; has parent-a and dspace-bar --&gt; has parent-b  they are both used</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; mdiggory: sorry to run out.  definitely interested in continuing the parent POM discussion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sandsfish: post teh path you come up with, we can create a "project" that will create a better means to track the source</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; will do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@dhcp-18-111-1-134.dyn.mit.edu) Quit (Quit: sandsfish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* gilbertsonk (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) Quit (Quit: gilbertsonk)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* alxp (~alxp@PC044.ROBLIB.UPEI.CA) Quit (Quit: alxp)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke1 (~kevin@adsl-235-49-191.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-235-49-191.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Disconnected by services)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke1 is now known as ksclarke</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: grahamtriggs)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>