<span class="irc-date">[0:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 248 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-162-19-234.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ is now known as mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 265 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ is now known as mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@fedcommsrv1.nsdlib.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 16:32:05 EDT 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega (~pvillega@86.47.50.67) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega_ (~pvillega@86.47.50.67) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega (~pvillega@86.47.50.67) Quit (Read error: Operation timed out)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega__ (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:42]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega_ (~pvillega@86.47.50.67) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-162-19-234.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega__ (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* achelous (~tom@216.160.210.151) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@64.50.88.162.ptr.us.xo.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* achelous (~tom@216.160.210.151) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* achelous (~tom@216.160.210.151) Quit (Quit: Lost terminal)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithg (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* carynn (~cneiswen@c726.staff.lib.uci.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (~52292565@gateway/web/freenode/x-ysegcasoxlqkpplr) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all.  DSpace Dev Mtg is about to get started.  Agenda is up at: <a href="http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-06-02">http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-06-02</a>  If you have any agenda items to add, send me a msg..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First up... GSoC updates --   GSoC has gotten started, and I know at least a few of the projects are already moving along.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If anyone is interested in taking part in (or giving feedback to) the Unit Testing project, they are meeting tomorrow at 21:00 UTC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="http://www.fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/GSOC10+-+Add+Unit+Testing+to+Dspace">http://www.fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/GSOC10+-+Add+Unit+Testing+to+Dspace</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- do you have any updates to add?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We are trying to organize a GSoC discussion meeting to occur after the commiter meeting today, But I am unsure if everyone can make it given timezones</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The goal of the meeting is (1) make sure we are getting students to complette the setup tasks they need</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and (2) discuss collaborative / architectural relationships between storage services, semantic store and (possibly even AIP prototype)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and how there may impact 1.7 and the REST project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; also, reminder, most of the GSoC discussions take place on the public 'dspace-gsoc-student' list:  <a href="https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/dspace-gsoc-student">https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/dspace-gsoc-student</a>   So, feel free to join if you haven't already</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, do join if your interested in participating in mentorship activities...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; or, even if you are just interested in giving feedback, etc.   several of these projects have goals to end up with "committable code", which could possibly be ready for 1.7 (assuming all goes well)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I would like to reach out at this point and talk about the collaborative aspects of the projects we are seeking to kindle.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; go ahead, mdiggory...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We are at a critical point in the period where existing developer input is critical</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The directions of the 2 storage related projects will need input for the community to assure their direction is correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and also so that the community is aware of their existence.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This falls somewhat on my shoulders as mentor</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and I bring it up here to instigate that some commitment from the community in this area would be reasuring.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; maybe for the remainder of the summer, we should make sure we always set aside 15mins or so for GSoC in these meetings (obviously, that's not always enough to get the exact answers/commitment, but at least it will help pull people back in)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jatrimble (~jtrimble@maag127.maag.ysu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good idea, keeping that work in front of everyone, even if there isn't much to say some weeks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; along with mdiggory, I'd also like to see our developers (committers esp.) make some commitment to keeping up-to-date with the GSoC projects.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd also stress again, that the goal is that several (or maybe even all) of these projects could be "trunk-ready", and a part of 1.7 -- so, it's imperative we all stay informed so that we don't cause undue delays if the code is ready to go...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cipad (~cipad@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, I think that what I refer to is that if your looking at a project to enhance/alter/modify dspace for 1.7 or a future version as a contribution... that we have a means to (1) make sure your first aware of the GSoC activities and the possibility of participating there if there is overlap and (2) if not, provide some announcements/activities/directions in main channels like listserves and wiki that your activity planning something...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cipad (~cipad@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; speaking of which... tdonohue I've been reading up on your work around AIP and think that there is an interesting disucssion waiting to happen with the AIP stuff, pluggable assetstore and storage services architecture</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea -- i'd agree -- get your ideas for 1.7 (or beyond) into JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; likewise</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but will we bloat JIRA with lots of empty placeholder tickets int he process?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- yea, I think there could be some interesting overlap there -- but, I'd stress that the AIP work is currently *external AIPs only* (i.e. no internal storage of these AIPs).  So, there may not be as much overlap initially (but could be more later on worth investigating)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (fyi for all...my AIP work is going on here: <a href="http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/AipBackupRestorePrototype)">http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/AipBackupRestorePrototype)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As for JIRA -- I'd rather get the word out there -- I don't think it bloats JIRA too much if you put your projects in there -- just assign them to yourself, so that someone else doesn't claim them :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, I'm talking about the experiences and tooling that may be repurposed or act as a basis for GSoC storage service migration work...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; agreed, mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I realize this may be going into what the next meeting is for... so if theres other material to be discussed... feel free to move forward</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.  As we've started to move towards JIRA discussion, let's discuss the new updates I just enabled.  We now have a "Received" step in JIRA workflow (thanks to robint for pushing the idea along).  So, new items first are marked "Received"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; after someone reviews them, they will then move to "Open" (and hopefully be assigned to someone shortly thereafter)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we also now receive automated reports from JIRA, of "stale issues" (ones that haven't changed in 6+ months), and "issues needing review" (ones in that "Received" state).  More info on each, and links to the reports are in the agenda: <a href="http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-06-02">http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-06-02</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; my question for everyone else is -- is there anything else you'd like JIRA to report to us?  (these reports go to dspace-devel -- the first "stale issues" report went out yesterday)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Like the reports. I think it will help prevent backlog.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis suggested a possible report of "unresolved issues which are scheduled for the next release" -- which may be another one we'd want</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; other ideas/thoughts?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I like Stuart's idea but perhaps nearer the time of a release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I think its helpful. A potential future one might be a "needs review" / "feedback", however I think in my perspective I'll try to find someone to review something (code) that needs reviewed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; +1 for PeterDietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree, robint, that stuart's idea becomes even more useful as we near the next release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That's probably enough for now.  We don't want to drown in reports.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- we'll leave it at that for now -- possibly add a release-based report in the future.  &amp; we can think more about a "feedback" status, if we all feel it could be generally useful</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So -- next up....  do we do a 1.6.2 release?   kshepherd &amp; I have discussed this off and on over the last weeks -- DS-584 is a bit of an "ugly bug" for those using the handle-server on Linux</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-584">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-584</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It might be worth doing a quick-ish 1.6.2 release to resolve this....  anyone else have thoughts on it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd just got in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* stuartlewis just got here too :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; good timing then, on both parts :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I dont know if its appropriate but it might be easier to resolve any outstaanding issues with DCDate prior to 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; What would be the downside to release a 1.6.2 that does nothing apart from fix a single bug?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; None, if it's a troublesome enough bug.  I think this one is.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't see any downside to a release fixing one bug, assuming we all believe that one bug warrants a very immediate fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i think it's important enough too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 1.6.2 +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1.6.2 +1 as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; 1.6.2 +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; maintenance releases shouldn;t be about bells and whisles</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; +1 1.6.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; 1.6.2 +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1 1.6.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; 1.6.2 +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Motion carried! :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; the ayes have it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- anyone willing to take a lead on 1.6.2?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (i.e. who can take the lead on fixing this bug, and then getting this out soonish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I think kshepherd has done a good job with 1.6.1, and he's already figured out the release process, I nominate him to release 1.6.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; lol</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I'm happy to write a patch, but am out the office in meetings all day today :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; honestly, i don't mind doing the release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithg&gt; lol - I agree on ksheperd's good job, but I was going to nominate Peter :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but i haven't followed the script launcher changes very closely at all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; keithg: ssshhh, we get him back later by nominating him for 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll all nominate PeterDietz for 1.7 then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah see</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithg&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok...then, 1.6.2 is kshepherd leading with possible help from stuartlewis (on the bug fix)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Patch writer and RC don't have to be the same person.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; IN a way the script launcher isn't an issue here, as we can move the 'old' dsrun functionality into the handle start script so it is standalong and has no further dependencies.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd say, as soon as we can fix that bug, let's announce and release 1.6.2 (so, hopefully sometime in the next week)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yes, and that was the last workaround we'd discussed too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; so ok, i'm happy to release, but i'll need help from stuartlewis, keithg etc. on the best fix for the bug</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - will make the patch today or tomorrow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithg&gt; I'll help with testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds like a plan then.  thanks kshepherd, stuartlewis and keithg!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; we have the CNRI handle for demo.dspace.org which should help testing too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; umm..yea, that means I gotta get that up and going -- whoops :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hehe</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll put that as a high priority and get on that :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I will be available enough to nominate myself for 1.7 RC, so that can go forward</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithg&gt; thanks for arranging it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz:  and I was joking ;)   No, seriously, that'd be wonderful if you are willing to be RC for 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; PeterDietz: Excellent :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Big pat on the back for PeterDietz :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea -- now, I think we all owe PeterDietz pizza...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; no no, I'm still on the hook for that one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; still a few logistics to solve</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea...the whole "how to mail pizza and keep it hot" logistic is a tough one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- any other topics for today?  we could try and do a mini-JIRA review for the next 10 mins?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Might as well if there are no other agenda items?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, let's try and get through a few old JIRA issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; JIRA review sounds good to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Eperson netID is lost editing the record from the  webUI: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-524">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-524</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (this one is a bit involved -- but, I'd like to get more feedback for other committers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jatrimble (~jtrimble@maag127.maag.ysu.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; there seems to be slight disagreement over the desired behaviour here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea -- robint &amp; I seem on one side, and andrea is on the other.  If others have thoughts, I'd love to hear them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If you can't trust your Admin, you need a new Admin.  It should be editable by Admin.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I'd agree -- I feel we should treat netID similar to email in DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i guess my opinion is: (1) trust admins, (2) once people are getting tricky enough to use netid for stuff other than LDAP/AD, and want to make sure that value isn't edited/lost, they should be able to follow simple workarounds (which we publically document somewhere) like using ldap.enable = true in dspace.cfg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i like the "treat like email" approach</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; oh, wait, i see the ldap.enable thing is *not* a valid workaround, i misread Andrea's last comment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea -- there is no good "workaround" right now.  we basically need to just make a decision and move forward.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Losing information because DSpace is coded that way, is our problem.  Losing information because some Admin goofed is a site problem.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, in the essence of time, please try to add your own thoughts to DS-524 -- this one is "stuck" and needs a consensus to move forward.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; one more:  Move item - inherit default policies of  destination collection: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-525">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-525</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to DS-525 -- sounds like a nice feature, stuartlewis</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; this patch is good.. the only reason it wasn't included in 1.6.1 is that it's not a bugfix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Agreed, patch as described sounds right.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; gotcha -- wasn't sure if it had been reviewed really :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- we'll close things up then.   Thanks again to kshepherd, stuartlewis &amp; keithg for volunteering to get 1.6.2 going quickly.  Thanks also to PeterDietz for volunteering to lead 1.7.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; have a good rest of the week all! -- official meeting is closed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 'bye all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega (~pvillega@89.100.155.181) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (~52292565@gateway/web/freenode/x-ysegcasoxlqkpplr) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega&gt; hi, sorry for the delay, problems connecting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Well, I assume I should now take over an see if we can lead a GSoC meeting now :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; go for it mdiggory -- it's your meeting now -- i'll stick around</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So I will go back to where we left off in the commiter meeting which was the following:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The goal of the meeting is (1) make sure we are getting students to complette the setup tasks they need</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; [1:05pm] mdiggory: and (2) discuss collaborative / architectural relationships between storage services, semantic store and (possibly even AIP prototype)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Sorry for the delay.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I am now flly here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; fully...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Who do we have available for the meeting today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega&gt; i'm here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* PeterDietz is lurking</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (i'm lurking)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; me 2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i'm here -- semi-lurking</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; krnl_: perhaps your name so anyone who doesn't know your call sign ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; krnl_ is Andrius</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* krnl_ is now known as andriusbl</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, yea...we probably should all do that :)  I'm Tim Donohue from DuraSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'm Kim Shepherd from Outer Space</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; Andrius Blazinskas - Storage project ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; actually that's a pretty catchy product name</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd notes that one down</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So its a little silly with two developers who already have scm accounts to tell you guys to setup your accounts so we can add you ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; heh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega&gt; Pere Villega, unit testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We will need to get such details together for those who are not here due to schedules and my general disorganization</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We currently have you guys creating wiki pages outlining your projects.  At some point we should discuss the use of JIRA and the benefits you will get from utilizing it to organize your project issues....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/Dashboard.jspa">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/Dashboard.jspa</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We've setup  a space here but I'm not sure yet if it is more valuable to use it or the common JIRA space for dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/GSOC">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/GSOC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ideally, if you want to propose code / changes to dspace trunk, it would be best to approach it in JIRA tickets so that the topics come to the surface in our weekly Commiters meetings.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega&gt; probably the gsoc space is better, will remove the "noise" of daily use of Dspace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I suspect that otherwise, it is good to track your personal project activities in the GSOC space.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I highly advise using JIRA for your projects management as it gives you an opportunity to gather feedback and details from the comment threads associated with the issue.  Likewise, I highly advise that you commit changes with the JIRA ID so that the commits are associated with your tickets in JIRA&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We can create separate components for each project to allow you to separate the activities, however, it may be wise to utilize the components to address coding that may have some commonality between your projects.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; pvillega: I know you are currently working in a sandbox branch, perhaps we can talk about andriusbl's project/workspace needs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega&gt; fine :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; andriusbl: Last year you utilized the dspace-fedora project space in the modules directory for your work,,,</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; yup</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/storage-fedora/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/storage-fedora/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; this year i'll need something more</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I did do the honors of "extracting" significant portions of the dspace2 codebase over the last week in an effort to break those out of the oder dspace2 build</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-database/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-database/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-storage/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-storage/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I also did some initial testing of this in the storage-db project.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/storage-db/branches/dspace-storage-db-2.0.x/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/storage-db/branches/dspace-storage-db-2.0.x/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the goal being to get the JUint testing to at least work on the original dspace2 codebase but without dependency on the dspace2 project, instead dependency on the dspace-services project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so this is IMO, something that we (the dspace2 developers) should provide to the community to get the dspace2 codebase to a point that GSoC students can utilize it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but I digress... andriusbl this is just pointing out the areas of the scm that you will want to be focused on.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; While these are "extracted" they are limited in features and implementation... likewise in usage...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and thats one of the areas that we hope to see you pickup the reigns</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; yes, i understand that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; i've checked them out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I will try to organize the next meeting time to allow for Yigang to also be available to discuss how we may want his work to overlap with yours.  I suspect that this overlap might be best served by looking at the Mulgara parts (RI) of Fedora and how we may access them for use in the StorageService...  Ideally, Semantic Storage is not that far removed from Fedora storage.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; well, i believe the main overlap will be basically interfaces used</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, that will, I expect, be the case</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I likewise suggested to tdonohue in the last commiters meeting, that looking at the AIP prototype may give us some ideas around how to address the storage of Communities/Collections etc in a Fedora backed StorageService</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; i will try to make dspace-storage functional in dspace 1.x and he will use them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; hi, everyone~ sorry to be late in joining... I'm Caryn, from Univ of California, Irvine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think there is even more in question in terms of dspace-storage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hello carynn</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I believe we are not even sure yet how one should integrate the dspace-storage service of dspace2 into dspace 1.x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; i think on my part, we need to agree on something I should start from</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; we have dspace-database, dspace-storage separated here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The biggest question for DSpace 1.x is what will happen to "DSpaceObject"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Is DSpaceObject something we will back by dspace-storage or is it something we will "cover over" by dspace-storage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I.E. do you create a LegacyDSpaceStorageService? Or do you gut DSpaceObejct and wire in StorageService as its Implementation?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; maybe firt one sound better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; first</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; And though we do not also have Bojan here... this impacts how one would implement dspace-rest on dspace 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; andriusbl: if that is the case, then we need to look much more closely at the work Bojan did last year</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; where he implemented EntityProviders for many of the DSpaceObjects....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; i'm not sure yet, maybe i'll need to take a deeper look</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'll get you a link...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/rest/branches/dspace-rest-1.x/src/main/java/org/dspace/rest/providers/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/rest/branches/dspace-rest-1.x/src/main/java/org/dspace/rest/providers/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; just curious... what do you see as the benefit of creating a LegacyDspaceStorageService?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; carynn: its a chicken or egg issue really....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; that's what i was wondering... if you insert a new storage service, don't you also sort of create something that you will eventually need to cut ties with? (iow, gutting and wiring in new implementation is cleaner?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; In its simplest definition the idea behind the DSpace StorageSerivce was to make accessing a DSpaceObject consistent</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Only, the Concept of a DSpaceObject changed its terminology by the time we got moving forward in creating dspace2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and we started calling them "StorageEntities"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We tore apart the DSpace 1.x data model and attempted to identify more granular Datastructures that were in common</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; that depends whether one wants DSpaceObject be left in api code or not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we came up with "Entity", "Property" and "Relation"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, one thing to think about -- which option will require less overall changes to the current Trunk code (and the future 1.7 work).   Since so much code (at many levels) interacts with DSpaceObject, you might want to avoid having to rewrite/rework all that code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so in that case tdonohue ...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you comment suggests a LegacyStorageService implementation that "shims" the legacy datamodel.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and the that shim is used in the UI and APPs rather than the DSpaceObjects....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; (incrementally, over time)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The challenge with doing this is that we do not get immediate benefit of the StorageService as a means to swap out the underlying functionality of the existing DSpaceObjects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and thus not much initial benefit in 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the work only sets the stage for future refactorings</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes --   I was just noticing that a search on "DSpaceObject" on trunk brings a result of 163 different Java files using it -- spread all over,API, XMLUI, JSPUI, LNI, OAI, SOLR, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I was just hoping you weren't planning to have to replace all those usages of DSpaceObject in one summer :) (which sounds a bit daunting to me)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I understand the fear/risk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we've been down this road with the DAO project perviously</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; on some level, it makes sense to do the shim for 1.7, which is supposed to be bug fixes only, right?  then, implement the full system in 2.0 (or whatever we call the major update)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; carynn -- no, 1.7 is the next major update -- 1.6.1 was bug fixes only :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; carynn: 1.7 is a major relase and not limited to bug fixes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; ah, sorry, missed that...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 1.7, 1.8, 1.9, 2.0  all give us an opportunity to step incrementally to what we will one day call 2.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, I also wonder if carynn's right that a shim for 1.7 may be easier -- but, I'll leave it up to the GSoC project team to decide</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; either that or we throw the numbering convention int he trash ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; numbers are highly over-rated :-/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think we need to consider what  is "storage" and what is "business" in the design here...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bojans (~Bojmen@62.68.103.170) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bojans: hello, welcome</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you might want to catchup in the logs breifly....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/index.php?date=2010-06-02">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/index.php?date=2010-06-02</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; ok I will get through the logs, thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I did make some comments about rest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stepping back to the topic of "dspace-storage"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We are currently seeing (1) StorageProviders providing "persistence" and the StorageService frontend providing some buisness.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thinking back to RichardRodgers "pluggable assetstore" implementation... is another way to think about "storage"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; in that case we are just talking about "streams"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and the implementation of the dspace-fedora (if I understand correctly) used this to its advantage?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thats actually a question for andriusbl</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; it's an implementation of DSpace2 interfaces</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; it's a littbe bit different</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; little</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, ok, maybe we are not going back far enough...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; the first prototype project (GSOC2008) used this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; ok, so is it suggested i should try making it the second way (DSpaceObject "cover over" by dspace-storage)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think we need to weigh the benefits of doing so and what we want to gain from using the StorageServices if we do it that way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm not sure the community knows the best direction, but is leaning towards the shim approach conservatively.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; so what about DSpaceObject? is it desirable to be in the code, or it should dissapear in time?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; It should be abstracted away over time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but that just my opinion...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The interesting thing is that the shim approach opens up opportunities for you to leverage bojans work from last year... and for bojans and you to possibly collaborate on how the EntityBroker would be layered onto that shim.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes -- i'd agree, it's fine if DSpaceObject goes away over time.  I just was pointing out that may be hard to do by 1.7 (as so much depends on it being there)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; If done correctly dspace-rest &lt;--&gt; EntityBroker &lt;--&gt; dspace-storage &lt;--&gt; LegacyDSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and also</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; i agree - DSpaceObject should disappear.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; dspace-rest &lt;--&gt; EntityBroker &lt;--&gt; dspace-storage &lt;--&gt; Fedora</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and also</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; dspace-rest &lt;--&gt; EntityBroker &lt;--&gt; dspace-storage &lt;--&gt; JCR/Jackrabbit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; yes, it's probably impossible to remove all 163 references in one summer, but maybe its possible to remove some of them...?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; andriusbl: it may or may not be necessary to be concerned with their replacement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I think that'd be possible -- oh, and it's actually 661 total references (in 163 different files)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This direction suggests that something like DSpace 1.8 might be a replacement stage.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; mdiggory: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- yea, I think that's more reasonable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and that 1.7 would be an integration stage, especially for something like dspace-rest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; exactly -- 1.7 is integration, 1.8 is replacement -- it'd be too hard to jump straight to full-fledged replacement :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and that dspace-rest, dspace-storage and the semantic store projects could almost be worked on in parallel to the trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; as a collaborative effort to prove "dspace-storage" concepts against "dspace-rest" intitially.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that all sounds reasonable to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so, IMO, this is where the "collaboration effect" come into play this year, for the rest, storage and semantic components to come together this year successfully.  We are going to need bojans, andriusbl and yigang coordinating and working on these issues together.  How tractable does this seem.  andriusbl and bojans do you feel it is possible on your side?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; note... you can oppose this... its allowed ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; sounds reasonable for me too, but I think it will require additional effort to be invested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; we'll try our best ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; as mark notes -- we encourage everyone to speak their mind freely -- don't be afraid to disagree or tell us if something just is "not working" -- none of us will be offended, and you won't get docked on your final grade or anything</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; for the coordination part I am a little bit skeptic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; absolutely,  maybe it will be best to leave a window of discussion until the next meeting to formalize opinions and positions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; for me some of the parts of planning are not completely clear</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; I mean there is still discussion in which discussion some things should go</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bojans: I was just going to say.... So what I may propose is that we need to find a time that all three of you can be present in IRC on a regular basis to engage on the topic and work towards a design/implementation roadmap/plan</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and that is to be expected</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; All the projects went into this year with significant "lack of specification".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; And they really did so because we are at a point this year that is pivotal</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; there is a great deal of uncertainty about the appropriate path forward for DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; mdiggory: agree, and this time I would like to us to find a efficient way to have right specification to be done</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; In talking about that we need to know what the components of a "right specification" should be</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* keithg (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) Quit (Quit: keithg)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; (I'm looking to see others feedback here)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; wink wink nod nod, ya know what I mean ya know what I mean....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- I think your idea of scheduling some more meetings to work things out makes sense -- that will help specify what the goals of each project need to be (and where the overlaps are)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think it'd be good to get a next meeting scheduled soon to try and dig into details more -- and help clarify the questions that still loom</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; for the spec, we should also include language about how the code should be submitted, yes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; I whink andriusbl and me are in the same time zone, so regarding irc meetings it should not be a problem to coordinate actively</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, that is a benefit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: grahamtriggs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:25]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue i unfortunately need to leave shortly...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: I agree on the getting a schedule ironed out before the end of this meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; carynn: I think were mtrying to be more on the lines of "specification" for design more than code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; got it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Iw as trying to get some feed in from the community on what the specifications for these projects should include.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bojans has been doing a good deal of REST api definitions on the WIKI and that is great, but he's not getting much feedback on them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:27]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* pvillega sorry but I got to leave. See you next meeting!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega (~pvillega@89.100.155.181) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; yah, i actually just took a look at bojans page - that is a great resource!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll try and dig more into bojans page (saw the recent edits) and see if I can provide any feedback</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; me2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; ok generally for the rest page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and thats at the "surface" as possible requirements for the restful interface... but once you get under the hood... thats where we are currently lacking requirements for specification</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd also encourage you to post a message to dspace-devel about the projects, etc.   The Unit Testing project has been advertising updates there, along with next meetings (as a way to try and invite more community members) -- stuartlewis, the mentor of that project just started doing that, and it seems to be working well so far</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I assume those will be"technical specifications" which outline what functionality should be in what modules and thus which projects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; yes from my view the requirements with regards to relationships and between different components are not clear enough, for example dspace-rest -&gt; (EB) -&gt; new_storage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I unfortunately have to head out -- I'll catch up on the final discussions later.  Welcome again to andriusbl, bojans and pvillega -- we are glad to have you all helping out this summer!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, that does seem to be working for that single project.  I will need some help to get it working for three</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So I will ping aaron on that topic as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; so in regards to some comments I was thinking to change the concept of endopints to some similarly looking to ontology, e.g. to concentrate more on relationships which could be mapped to ontology concepts</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- just have each student/mentor write up a message to advertise each one -- then send occasional updates when feedback is needed, and advertise upcoming meetings</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; it might also be helpful to have a page that lays out how these separate projects should be integrated... (kind of a separate spec)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 carynn -- documenting the integration points early on could be nice...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; carynn:  yes and I had started a "scratch-page" along those ines</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok...gotta go</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its currently broken...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/GSoC+Collaboration+Scratchpad">http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/GSoC+Collaboration+Scratchpad</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bojans: so there would be "relation" endpoints allowing you to access, list, update, add, delete relations?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this is similar to what you started to comment on over email.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; I have meant on description of relations of objects, e.g. isPartOf</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; yep, this would be useful!  so, if i'm seeing things correctly, all the specs are available for mentors/developers/committers to comment on (except for Yigang's spec).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; yes that is similar I got this idea from your comments</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; would be good to see a message on the listserv requesting review/comments, and include any specific questions (like the relation issue)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; good point carynn I believe there is some thread in the lsitserv atm.  But just to reinforce, if we are emailing about project plans/questions and its not a private topic, it should be going on in the lsitserv</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; bojans: do you have a set of relations that you are thinking about supporting?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I corrected the page and added a OmniGraffle diagram i was working on prior to the meeting....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/download/attachments/20808311/Screen%20shot%202010-06-02%20at%2011.54.19%20AM.jpeg">http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/download/attachments/20808311/Screen%20shot%202010-06-02%20at%2011.54.19%20AM.jpeg</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; nice</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this is in comparison to my perception of last years rest project in relation to dspace2 rest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/download/attachments/20808311/Screen%20shot%202010-06-02%20at%2011.52.59%20AM.jpeg">http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/download/attachments/20808311/Screen%20shot%202010-06-02%20at%2011.52.59%20AM.jpeg</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This is not anything concrete and probably full of misconception so... critique is neccessary</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; ok from these diagrams the relation StorageEntityProvider -&gt; StorageEntity seems critical for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; and probably the relation between StorageService and particular storages</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I would hope that the particular storages under the hood would be abstracted away by the StorageService/StorageEntity</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So that StorageEntityProvider would be the same no matter the underlying store</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; But, likewise, we might see that the providers might be more finely typed than what we see here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Thinking of Container and File resources for instance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that are not represented in StorageEntity atm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Container and File would be StorageEntities and the relations between them would define that as so</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Container --&gt; hasPart --&gt; File --&gt; ispartof --&gt; Container</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and that is the type of relation we were talking about.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; ok I have better understanding now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; But we never arrived to a decision about if those needed to be "concrete" objects int eh java sense</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so in the DSpace2 research, we tried to keep all that abstracted away</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; you mean on relations as objects?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Container and File...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we do have "relation" as sort of an object....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-storage/trunk/api/src/main/java/org/dspace/services/model/StorageProperty.java">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-storage/trunk/api/src/main/java/org/dspace/services/model/StorageProperty.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Even int he sense that it can contain "bits of content"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; public StorageProperty(String name, InputStream value)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; note... at time I wish this were an interface, not a class</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We stuck "InputStream" in here and pass around an "Object" that is the value and could be anything... very underspecificed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We extended StorageProperty to also create StorageRelation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-storage/trunk/api/src/main/java/org/dspace/services/model/StorageRelation.java">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-storage/trunk/api/src/main/java/org/dspace/services/model/StorageRelation.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or a property that connects two different StorageEntities</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; But it really doesn't do anything more than StorageProperty</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; unfortunately, i have to head out... i'll go back over the logs later, and take a look at the pages on the confluence site too...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; welcome bojans and andriusbl!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; thanks carynn</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So, I caution that there are some rough areas of the storage-service that could use review and recommendation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thanks carynn</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* carynn (~cneiswen@c726.staff.lib.uci.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and that this can be an activity of your project if you see value in it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This is a way that you and andriusbl  can collaborate. If in his work to create a shim on DSpaceObjects or your work to place a REST api on top lead to needing to adjust the API, then that is something you should feel free to approach.  And, I really think that way of working would really lead to a "real OS community" interaction between your two projects.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ok, are we out of time... or has everyone nodded off...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So I'll just summarize what need to happen next, and call the meeting adjourned.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 1.) I'll draft an email (and prod AaronZ as well) for announcing our project activities and soliciting feedback.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 2.) We'll plan to need to provide updates weekly on what is being discussed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 3.) I'll review the times and try to get together a meeting time that overlaps with bojans andriusbl and yigang so that you have an opportunity to all be present at once for discussions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 4.) bojans and andriusbl wrk to add more detail to your proposals and the collaboration scratchpad so we can discuss technical specifications next meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; what IDE's are you guys using</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; Eclipse</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; I am using netbeans</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; great so we are all using totally different IDE</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm on IDEA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thus we will get great platform coverage ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I was going to recommend unofficially if you could try checking out the dspace-storage, services, rest and database projects and test if they build and run ok...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; we will be able to exploit many different possibilities :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; run tests?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I assume the process will be a bit different on each.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes basically if "mvn test" works on those, we are good to go...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; do i correctly understand, some dspace modules does use nested maven modules?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, actually a number od</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; od = do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; and new versions of maven deprecates them :)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I reached a point where it became exceedingly difficult to work without them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; from a "build" standpoint</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not technologically, but culturally, the community has a tendancy to want to group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this said, I've tried to tread lightly on the use of features like dependency in multimodule builds</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; eclipse does have working sets</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you should be able to stil lcheckout individual modules and compile them in eclipse</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if you cannot, then we need to do a little adjustment to support it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; i think everythingk will be ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Here are how I attempt to reduce multi-module parent inter-dependencies...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; no use of dependencManagement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; no dependencies defined in parents</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; avoid profiles in parents</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; avoid creating ancestry chains</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so generally I am trying to just use one parent....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ... . &lt;parent&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt;         &lt;artifactId&gt;dspace-pom&lt;/artifactId&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt;         &lt;groupId&gt;org.dspace&lt;/groupId&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt;         &lt;version&gt;3&lt;/version&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt;     &lt;/parent&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this defines... very little other than the java build environment and some locations of repositories/resources</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and it is always a published centrally available pom.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://repo2.maven.org/maven2/org/dspace/dspace-pom/">http://repo2.maven.org/maven2/org/dspace/dspace-pom/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ideally, someday, allthese maven projects will evolve into OSGi bundles.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;andriusbl&gt; ok, i see</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* andriusbl away for sleep, till next meeting!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; I need to go too, so until next time, cheers!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bojans (~Bojmen@62.68.103.170) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* achelous (~tom@216.160.210.151) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@64.50.88.162.ptr.us.xo.net) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* achelous (~tom@216.160.210.151) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-162-19-234.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 265 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@130.216.90.94) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@130.216.90.94) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
