<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2010-03-10
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@pool-72-66-80-117.washdc.fios.verizon.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: grahamtriggs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@fedcommsrv1.nsdlib.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 16:32:05 EDT 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~trig01@80.169.130.178) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (~awoods@pool-173-79-154-160.washdc.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~trig01@80.169.130.178) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* barmintor (barmintor@specdl11.cul.columbia.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* StuartLewis_ (~StuartLew@121.98.157.79) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cccharles (~cccharles@131.104.62.47) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jatrimble (~jtrimble@maag127.maag.ysu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* caryn (~80c8e115@gateway/web/freenode/x-esttweiaczqkpidr) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip-66-181-1-6.cust.i2bnetworks.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithg (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all...in a few minutes we'll be starting our first DSpace Developer's "Special Topics" meeting regarding our Release process/procedures/planning.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* StuartLewis__ (~StuartLew@121.98.157.79) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm here but I'm at JASIG and may not be able to participate much</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: good to know...you are welcome to add more comments later to the wiki.  <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Proposals#Release_Cycle.2FProcess_Proposals">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Proposals#Release_Cycle.2FProcess_Proposals</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* StuartLewis_ (~StuartLew@121.98.157.79) Quit (Ping timeout: 265 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, we may as well get started.  There are three Release Process proposals on the table, though we aren't limited to just discussing the contents of these proposals, they at least give us a starting point. <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Proposals#Release_Cycle.2FProcess_Proposals">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Proposals#Release_Cycle.2FProcess_Proposals</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The goal is not to approve one or more of these (though we could if we wanted)...but, rather to discuss them and see if we can generate a consensus around one or more ideas for how to change our Release processes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; For the record I prefer a Time Driven Release cycle.  But should be also sensitive to releasing at points of stability, identified by the developers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-173-76-18-245.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; What I see behind much of this is a need for more frequent *planning*.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and smaller iterations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; mhwood: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; also, it's not a matter of one proposal *versus* the other...multiple ideas could be approved or we could come to a consensus about parts of each proposal</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; quite true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; I like them all! :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; faster releases could also allow dspace to be more responsive to community needs..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds like we are already getting into the "Time Driven Release Proposal" <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/TimeDrivenReleaseProposal">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/TimeDrivenReleaseProposal</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and that's a good place to start)... richardrodgers was there anything else you wanted to add, as you wrote this one?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; caryn: the challenge is that while we are trying to be responsive, we are trying to do too much at once</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so a relase has many many new features</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; mdiggory: agreed.  the comment meant mostly that if we can release a newer version quicker, it might have one or two features, which will satisfy at least part of the population</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; I suppose 1.6 was the opposite. It was a 'Feature Driven Release'. We released once the big 3 requested features were finished. While this seems to have worked this time, I think I'd prefer time driven.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and that also make upgrading more and more difficult for orgs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; One cure for that is not to try to do it all at once, but to slot developments into a roadmap with multiple waypoints.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; For the record, I was also going to suggest Time Driven releases as a way forward... which has a nice benefit amongst others of never, ever having a release '2.0'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; mhwood: definitely!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; Could I suggest that if time driven, more frequent updates then to be delivered for bug fixes and the like?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: it certainly fits well will my backporting intiative</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; and, if the community knows where the waypoints are, they can also do some planning (i.e. if i know feature x is coming out in a year, i won't upgrade until then)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; It also might encourage more release coordinators, as your time-in-office is time limited too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we also need more minor branch maintence releases...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; jatrimble: what kind of updates - minor releases?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mdiggory: I have a few thoughts / concerns around that, but this isn't the place right now to discuss</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We need to more official version of JHU's CI environment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; StuartLewis__ +1 - scheduled releases would allow for definitive timeframes for being a release coordinator</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; Is there anyone who has worries or reservations about time driven releases?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; yes, the 1.6.X releases.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We currently have Hudson setup at NESCent doing something similar</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; caryn:  oops, there is usually some worry that people will do exactly that:  not upgrade until their favorite feature comes out.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is there anyone who has reservations about a time driven release schedule?  Or is everyone in general agreement?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* vhollister (~440e1e7e@gateway/web/freenode/x-flskwqwbnhgdxbob) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; If 1.6.1  1.6.2 1.6.3 each (theoretical only) came out every other month on the 15th.  Major releases only twice a year:  Feb and August, for example</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; mhwood: what is the problem with that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; More integration builds mean continuous testing of more minor releases available to the community</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; needing to be fluent in multiple releases?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ehem... 1.5.3  (ducks)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; &lt;--will not shoot mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; One thing about frequent periodic releases is that some features take more time than the interval allows.  We'll need to be comfortable with managing multiple developing branches pretty much all the time, and merging them at appropriate points.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; More continuous testing requires more automated testing that we don't yet have.  Maybe we need a create-an-automated-test-a-thon?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; jstrimble: well, he ducked, so kick him in the .....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; lol</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; minor releases should not be big fanfare marketing projects....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood - I think that is a good point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; mdiggory:  exactly...but the community can depend on fixes on odd or even number months.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stuartlewis: Yes, we are on the verge of having that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; Even is a fix release, say 1.6.2 has only 10 fixes...at least their incorporated.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; caryn:  if everybody is waiting for current+2, we get no testing of current+1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; got it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we should be more comfortable with seeing numbers like 1.6.14</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; BINGO!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; Now we are cooking here....Cigar to Mark</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, we definitely need to get fixes out more frequently.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; to be clear, I would scrap 1.6.x, 1.7.x, etc. and go for Ubuntu style numbering - ie. 10.03</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; The only issue is database changes are/should be incorporated as major releases.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; So maybe release 1.x.y every 2 months, regardless? Hopefully it will fix some issues, if not all?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; *shudder* at Ubuantu release #s.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; jatrimble: right... thise smaller maintaince releases are alway backporting backward compatable changes from the trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Do we want a maintenance-fix interval, a feature interval, and an architecture interval?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I guess I'd like to see the volume of fixes before setting interval</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: sensible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; Well, you could code the release  numbers based on the type:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; at least try and then adjust</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; jatrimble: i was just going to suggest the same thing!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; So, you might have 1.6.1  1.6.1a (small fix), 1.6.2 Maintenance release 1.6.2a small fix/bug fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I thought for a while we had that now:  a.b.c, a=architectural changes, b=features, c=bugs, but we don't seem to do that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; mhwood:  well you assume, but in reality we haven't...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; couldn't we do an architectural fix as 1.7? then, use 1.6.1 as either small fix/bug or maintenance?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; *Is* there a document that says what our numbers mean?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, what if we were just to schedule major releases (e.g. 1.7) and let the minor (1.6.1, 1.6.2) be driven more by need (i.e. only release if there are bugs to fix)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; caryn: That is hopefully the plan - we've branched a 1.6.x branch now, and have trunk for 1.7.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; tdonohue: that would work well,  i think</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; jatrimble: shudder if you must, but having a radical change to the versioning is what frees us from the shackles of the past. Otherwise we will continue to have the mythical '2.0' towering over us, and never really be able to advance around it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; Well, 1.8 could be the muthical 2.0 IMHO.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; mythical</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/ReleaseProcedure#Numbering_Convention">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/ReleaseProcedure#Numbering_Convention</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; tdonohue: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; tdonohue:  +1 doable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; tdonohue: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Or can we just engineer a radical change in what people think 2.0 means?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; what does that do to your thinking Mdiggory?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd like to avoid the "what is 2.0" question for now, and leave that for another Special Topics meeting -- that's a rathole waiting to happen :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; tdonohue: I'm sort of a -1. But without really wishing to block a strong majority</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hmmm, if we're going to use timing to drive feature releases, we may need to do likewise with fix releases or we'll starve the fixes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; grahamtriggs: why -1?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs: why? can you explain?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mhwood: not sure I see that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; likewise, I'm focusing on version N.N.N right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* vhollister (~440e1e7e@gateway/web/freenode/x-flskwqwbnhgdxbob) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; because we're missing how our projects - maven projects - can evolve outside of the overall distribution revisioning</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe a "3 nonminor bugs or 3 months" sort of schedule?  Just to throw some arbitrary numbers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: cha ching!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; For the record... dspace-services already has a different release number/schedule than trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and we already need to consider the next release of it....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; Say we fix a bug in dspace-api 1.7.0.... we release dspace-api-1.7.1... but we don't really need to push a whole 1.7.1 release... we can leave it up to people to pick the fixes up as needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and having a space to properly spark more community particiapation in it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; Does the average DSpace sys admin understand maven release numbering a picking up updates outside of the normal release cycle? (not sure I do fully yet)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So do I need a script to keep my build tree up-to-date, instead of just 'svn update'?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; grahamtriggs: OK- but how do timed releases work against that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I worry about that route... "What version of DSpace are you running?   well, we're running 1.7.0, but with some 1.7.1 api, etc. etc."  The average person won't get it, I worry</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; StuartLewis__ +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: yes, this is part of my reasoning for suggesting that many part of what are in trunk may need to be refactored into new projects with alternate release cycles.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but, we need more control over upgrading specific portions of DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; Running mvn package, and finding new code installed when you've not updated your dspace source will worry and confuse a lot of people.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if we are to ever get away from the "classpath overide nightmare"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; we focus on timed releases of 1.7.0, 1.8.0 (or 10.09, 11.03, etc.)... the individual components of 1.7.1, 1.7.2, etc. just happen as and when (they may even occur after the following major release has occurred - LTS!!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* vhollister (~440e1e7e@gateway/web/freenode/x-olgsqinpwjhygpto) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; classpath overriding is worse than choosing maven dependencies manually</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; IMO</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hmmm, Eclipse releases oodles of pieces on all kinds of schedules, but then they have to bind up and test specific version sets periodically and release them together under some astronomical name.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm noticing we're already at 20mins for this one proposal....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is this something that grahamtriggs and mdiggory can write up (even in just an email), to give us all a better understanding of your concerns?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; stuartlewis: I'm not concerned about people not understanding Maven. It's a standard tool, and worth educating them. If we don't educate, then we always stick ourselves in the position of no-one learning</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; tdonohue: What is the proposed outcome from this meeting?  set of initial proposals we can take further?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; outcome = improving proposals or scrapping them and coming up with new ones</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: we are heading down the architecture discussion road... maybe we should capture this as another special topic....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, yes, we're looking to come up with some proposals to take further, and eventually vote on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; Ok - how about a proposal for 1.x releases every 6 months?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hi all, bit late sorry</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mdiggory: fair enough, but it's worth capturing the general point here...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'd like to address the asynchronous release points outside the chat asynchronously...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; StuartLewis_: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd reads scrollback</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; then we can revisit it, maybe next time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; if DSpace is to innovate quickly, then people will have to learn quickly!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; with months 1-4 for development, and months 5-6 for testing, fixing, and release?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But how much learning is necessary, in various roles?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: Its already here... the world is inovating right now around DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; stuartlewis: I'd say let initial frequency match volunteer RCs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It sounds like we've come up with the following: (a) Scheduled releases is generally good (we need to decide on a proposed schedule), (b) grahamtriggs &amp; mdiggory would like to better use maven asynchronously (need that idea captured somewhere -- and discuss in more detail later)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; graham:  DSpace installed in so many places because it was easy.  Make it hard, and people won' install it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm listening to Rod Johnson from VMWare /Springsource talk about this stuff.... right now JASIG keynote</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; jatrimble: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; jatrimble: yes still needs to be easy to install....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; But we have two conflated issues here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; and, it should be easy to understand what we're installing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 1.) installation   2.) development</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Do we want to table the rest of this for now, and move on to other suggestions?  We need to discuss in more detail what Mark &amp; Graham have suggested, but it sounds like we generally agree here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* StuartLewis__ notes we till get more dspace-tech emails about maven than anything else.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We do need to achieve and installer that does not require the user to need to expereince MAven</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; tdonohue: +1 - move onto release advisory team</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; jatrimble: The proposal doesn't make it any harder for people to install a major revision. They just need to do a bit more thinking to be able to get patches without upgrading to the next major revision</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, next proposal (brainstorm from Val &amp; I) - Establishing a Release Advisory Team: <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/ReleaseAdvisoryTeamProposal">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/ReleaseAdvisoryTeamProposal</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Fedora moving to OSGi, and this is one of the reasons...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, moving on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That's one way to get members in various roles to mix a bit more, which I think we need.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll note that StuartLewis__ had a similar "advisory team" suggested...he called it a "community decision making team" in his blog post</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; Speaking as the most recent RC, I'd have liked to have had a Release Advisory Team to work with.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I like Advisory more that Decision Making</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but still... needs to have a leadership role</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; i actually like this idea, and i would add that it would be good to have this in place before the last previous version is cut (kind of like what Stuart was talking about with RCs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; But need to be careful that it does not bottlenecck development or release processes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; Who has time to think?  I've got 5 servers to administer plus 35 librarians to keep calm.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Or that it ignores what development can accomplish per unit time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; mdggory: My hope is it would speed things up by distribution actions, rather than being a bottleneck.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; StuartLewis___ +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we're not looking to create "red tape"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; This weekly dev meeting would / could still be the primary development meeting, but with additional release-related meetings for the release advisory group.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; this is more a group that could help advise the RC &amp; committers about new feature ideas, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So we need to identify how it will will speed up processes....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; it allows a wider community to play the role that comes naturally (committers could developers, RC could manage, advisory could provide direction, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; caryn: +1 - yes - that is one of the most important aspects. It brings in more people with more skills and time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think rather than "speed up processes"  I see this group as helping us better *schedule* or plan features -- this group could help us better understand what the community means when it says "we want statistics" (like in the 1.6 planning), or "we want versioning", etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think that I am wary because traditionally the release process has been entrenched in a very technical level of complexity to attain.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; OK but then that isn't release planning...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: I agree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, smoother and more predictable progress may be more satisfying to the broader community than just "faster".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thats more like project management / requirements gathering</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yep - which we could certainly do better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, so maybe the name is wrong...I was thinking more at a proj. mgmt level overall</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; tdonohue: I would rather look at it as group to inspire and challenge the community to create new ideas</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that could happen too, grahamtriggs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it's essentially a group that the RC + committers can go to that helps us communicate better with the community / repo mgrs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think that we should think about this visually....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; i think both would happen... and the community would have a motivation to say "check out dspace" (i.e. i helped with it, so it's really cool...)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd proposes a Release Advisory Group Role Definition Committeee ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; As an invereted pyramid</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue proposes we put kshepherd in charge of that committee :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we need a strong platform for developers to inovate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vhollister&gt; grahamtriggs: faciliate discussion/translate req'mts too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; I would have loved to have a group that could help with things like PR, project management, feature specification, etc. Lots of different things. They act as a conduit into the community for these different aspects.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; They are the widest part of the pyramid....  at various levels of support under that platform are project management and foundation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; &lt;==has to run...will read logs later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jatrimble (~jtrimble@maag127.maag.ysu.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but that end goal of the structure is to facilitate innovation at the developer level for the benefit of the user community.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; vhollister: yes, I'm just looking at the idea of 'guiding the committers'... to do what? we've all basically said we don't have the time - at least not to be asked to do major things.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if we renamed this to "Community Advisory Group"?  does that change things?  Pull out the "Release" part of it, even though I feel they will still be helping RC with various proj. mgmt type tasks on a given release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; I think a group would hope to free up developers to develop, by taking away other background tasks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; tdonohue:  I think that's a good idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; grahamtriggs: wouldn't more specific design specs help streamline the development?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; empowering developers = innovation = happier user community</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; there still is an unmet need for a 'dating service' - where folks interested in same things can better find each other and pool resources</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; what tasks would be taken away?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; yes... if we advise the community of where we want to go, and what we need to happen, we can hopefully get some good submissions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs:  I wouldn't think of it as actively guiding committers....it's more of a team that the committers can ask questions too...like, what features do you mean when you say "versioning", etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vhollister&gt; grahamtriggs: but it would be helpful for such a group to narrow the priority list and have the req'mts laid out w/specifics (all informed by the larger community)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that make oru lives easier?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory:  I think the task of us having to gather requirements from the community would be taken away -- this group would do that for us</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the challenge is that the projects that are completed by developers come from organizational requirements.... not the community</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; versioning will happen as a project when someone is paid to work on it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sometimes more innovation = confused community.  Change things too fast and people dig their heels in.  Innovation is one important dimension of development, but there are others.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; whether that comes from an institution or a company</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But developers need to keep an ear open to the requirements process, or they get requirements that can't be met, or that could've been met much more cheaply with a little adjustment.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (versioning was just an example...could have just as easily said "statistics" or "embargo"....the idea is the same, they'd help us understand what repo managers are really looking for out of features)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; vhollister: but who is going to get tasked with implementing the priorities? :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I don't think we have any problems recognizing that we want something like "versioning" , the challenge is is dedicating resources to work on it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; tdonohue: that's exactly what I'm thinking...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Another challenge is knowing what people mean by "versioning".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; versioning is a good example because while we have projects that piloted it, its not in trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: this group isn't about the resources...that would still take us finding a volunteer to implement.  this group is just about helping that volunteer (once they are found) to map out the requirements, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; The group would be purely advisory - they wouldn't be able to ask for things that we don't have the development for. And a portion of the group would be made up of developers / committers anyway. So I have no worries about having such a group.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; StuartLewis__ +1 - group is completely advisory...they do not "control" the committers, so to speak :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: I like that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vhollister&gt; grahamtriggs &amp; mdiggory: good points about the potential pitfal of this structure -- what if developers can't deliver -- it would lose momentum</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We can't let the advisory function become too much out of sync with delivered requirements, though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; But even moreso.... a lobbying committee to get directorship to buy into sharing those resources</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vhollister&gt; ==&gt;i've got to go, i'll follow up on the transcript</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood:  right... that's why I initially called this a "Release Advisory" group...as I saw it as helping give advice around given releases, and they'd need to be up-to-speed on what was planned for the next release, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; vhollister: it's good to have more users involved, but we need to make sure it doesn't create a weight of expectation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; because if the source of the $$$ supporting that developer do not buy in... then they do not have the time to volunteer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vhollister&gt; grahmtriggs: agreed - delicate, artful balance on that one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; helping to clarify user community needs is only part of the group's functions, right? they would also help with marketing/communication - and i might add testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs:  that's why Val &amp; I are also on this group...we can help stop unreasonable expectations :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Dunno about focusing on releases, though.  More like updating the roadmap?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this is all good...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, in general, does this idea sound good?  Say we just called it a "Community Advisory" group, does everyone like these concepts?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; Yeas - I like it! :)   +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I like more understanding between users and developers.  +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; sure more involvement &amp; voices good +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; careful ... is this voting?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; excellent.  Val &amp; I can then work to flush this out a bit more, and we can have a final proposal that everyone can vote on later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no no..this is not official voting right  now :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; just making sure we have general consensus to bring this idea forward</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; quite true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Val also wants to put this idea in front of her "DSpace Community Outreach Group" as many of them may be prime candidates as potential members for this sort of advisory group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, so the last set of ideas are all Stuart's.  StuartLewis__ is there anything you wanted to highlight that we haven't already discussed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Proposals#Release_Cycle.2FProcess_Proposals">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Proposals#Release_Cycle.2FProcess_Proposals</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; Most of what I wrote is based around what we have talked about so far.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; this is another area where timed releases will help... most of the 'process' becomes self-organising....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; The only difference was a though about moving 'executive decision making powers' out of the classic DSpace 'committers group', so that being a committer means just that, having svn write access. This lowers the bar for entry to the committers group, brings in more committers, and more available effort.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Like, "OMG the release date is roaring down on us, we'd better get organized"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; I realise this is contraversial though!!!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; What decisions are we talking about?  Because if no committer is willing to commit a patch, it doesn't go in, regardless what others think.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; mhwood: The committers group has traditionally conflated "committing code" with "decision making, direction steering, and ultimate control over what goes in DSpace".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i agree that commit rights and decision-making don't have to go hand-in-hand, but i tend to think the "barrier of entry" stuff should be focused more on patches making it to JIRA in the first place</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; it's easy to test and commit a patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; writing it takes more motivation ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; decision making = voting privileges.  Technically, we let anyone vote in these meetings, but if it came down to a true disagreement then the committers votes are "more official"  (if that makes sense)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry... ive got to run... I'll readup later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip-66-181-1-6.cust.i2bnetworks.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; Yes - things have changed over the past year since we have started to have these weekly developer meetings. This has opened up the decision making process, so I see it as less of a problem now than a year ago.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt;  "If all 700+ institutions could donate a small amount of effort, must think what we could do!" - spend all our time in admin!! :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and, Stuart's just suggesting that there be two groups, one with the full "voting" privileges, and one that can commit code....there may be lots of overlap between the two, but you could also just be in one of the two</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Decisions about patches? about committing resources to features? about architecture? about scheduling? other?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; stuartlewis: I'd say more that 'committing code' has been  a *proxy* for 'decision making'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, the big area that this idea now affects is whether or not we allow people to commit code to our SVN (in modules or prototypes/sandbox, especially) without being full-fledged "committers"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; Perhaps we're too involved in the process - maybe we need to ask people  outside of this group and the people here today? Maybe we're the wrong people to answer the question of whether the committer group is seen as an effective group or not?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd has a conference call to join now, so might be semi-afk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; StuartLewis__ yea, that could be too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Effective for what?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; StuartLewis__: yeah good questions -- hard for us to know without some outside observations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; mhwood: Another good question! What *is* the role of the committer group vs. what *should* it be?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, if we're going to have this other role defined, then I guess a committer is like what IBM called a "code librarian" -- someone who makes sure that good practices have been followed, and then checks changes in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Probably with a formal statement of good practices to be checked.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, well we're at the top of the hour.  I think we've made some general headway here today on Release process ideas.   Val &amp; I will move forward with the "Community Advisory" group idea...I'd appreciate it if mdiggory and grahamtriggs could write up their maven asynchronous ideas somewhere, and we can discuss later how to work that into the Scheduled Releases idea (which also seemed to gain good traction)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Would like to see some discussion sometime of low-level stuff like, where do things not destined for the upcoming release go.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mhwood: you mean like a 'contrib'  thing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: couldn't we handle that by working in multiple branches?  (e.g. 1.6.x for 1.6.1 and trunk or 1.7.x for 1.7.0, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; richardrodgers: I was going to say something else, but historically there wouldn't be much difference</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; tdonohue: / vhollister: Thanks for facilitating this - has been an interesting hour of discussion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; No, like "this is too late for 1.6.0, so it goes in 1.6.x".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Oh ok, yes there needs to be some protocols worked out there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, this would mean branching sooner.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; right, so if we opened branches sooner, you could put it right into the next version's branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep...exactly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks all for the discussion!  I think this was great.  We can continue these brainstorms on IRC or future meetings, and at some point we will vote on the final proposals</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;StuartLewis__&gt; Bye all. Thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* StuartLewis__ (~StuartLew@121.98.157.79) Quit (Quit: StuartLewis__)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, thanks all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; thanks, everyone!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* caryn (~80c8e115@gateway/web/freenode/x-esttweiaczqkpidr) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* keithg (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) Quit (Quit: keithg)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; bye thanks all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-173-76-18-245.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* noreply_ (~chatzilla@c-67-171-28-159.hsd1.wa.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Operation timed out)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* noreply_ (~chatzilla@c-67-171-28-159.hsd1.wa.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@peat.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (Quit: scottatm)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc_ (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc_ is now known as bradmc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-76-79-212-182.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (~mdiggory@rrcs-76-79-212-182.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-76-79-212-182.west.biz.rr.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 265 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory_ (~mdiggory@rrcs-76-79-212-182.west.biz.rr.com) Quit (Read error: No route to host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (~mdiggory@rrcs-76-79-212-182.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory_ (~mdiggory@rrcs-76-79-212-182.west.biz.rr.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-76-79-212-182.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-76-79-212-182.west.biz.rr.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:18]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cccharles (~cccharles@131.104.62.47) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* vhollister (~440e1e7e@gateway/web/freenode/x-olgsqinpwjhygpto) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>