<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2010-07-28
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-217-116.sd.sd.cox.net) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 20:32:05 UTC 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega (~pvillega@86.47.50.67) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) Quit (Ping timeout: 248 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-217-116.sd.sd.cox.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega_ (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega (~pvillega@86.47.50.67) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) Quit (Read error: Operation timed out)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega__ (~pvillega@86.47.50.67) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega_ (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega (~pvillega@86.47.50.67) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega__ (~pvillega@86.47.50.67) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega (~pvillega@86.47.50.67) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mary_bennett (868c9970@gateway/web/freenode/ip.134.140.153.112) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (52292565@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.37.101) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mary_bennett_ (868c9970@gateway/web/freenode/ip.134.140.153.112) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mary_bennett_ (868c9970@gateway/web/freenode/ip.134.140.153.112) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mary_bennett (868c9970@gateway/web/freenode/ip.134.140.153.112) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mary_bennett (868c9970@gateway/web/freenode/ip.134.140.153.112) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (52292565@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.37.101) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega (~pvillega@89.100.155.181) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kgilbertson (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hardy_pottinger (80ce8605@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.134.5) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all -- DSpace Devel Mtg will be starting up here in about 5 min.  Today we have a special topic meeting, see agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=22020598">https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=22020598</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* JoseBlanco (8dd32b9d@gateway/web/freenode/ip.141.211.43.157) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (52292565@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.37.101) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi All, so today's DSpace Devel meeting is devoted to discussion of GSoC projects, and how best to start to merge some of them into our main codebase (Trunk) in preparation for DSpace 1.7.  See agenda -- <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=22020598">https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=22020598</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In addition, last week we came up with several options to handle these student projects (and merging in code, etc) -- these are on this proposal page: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Managing+Release+and+Integration+Cycles">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Managing+Release+and+Integration+Cycles</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; essentially, the big questions are how/when we'd like to begin these merges -- mdiggory proposed last week that we ask the students to perform the merges (as necessary) into our Trunk codebase.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory, is there more background/intro you'd like to add? (although I think most of us, though not all, were also here last week)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I suspect that we will want to be more specific concerning the projects... Some make sense to go into trunk, others still do not.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; definitely-- so, which do we see as "trunk-ready"?  Here's the full list for everyone: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Google+Summer+of+Code">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Google+Summer+of+Code</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I believe we should be looking at the testing and rest projects as primary candidates at this time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good -- I know stuartlewis also recommended the Unit testing project, and the REST project seems logical as well to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I have a number of concerns about the REST project - firstly, the proposal about DSpace/Fedora was about reducing redundancy. Committing to supporting [another] rest interface right now is very contrary to that goal.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; They also sound on the surface like projects that wouldn't have thousands of tentacles brushing other parts of the code.  Good for anyone who is concerned about integrating them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: that rest interface does something very different than the fedora one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- yes, I agree, they seem less intrusive overall, and will likely not conflict with each other too much</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; secondly, I've only briefly scanned the commits, but the code where it is getting stack traces and using it to determine if there is a loop seems rather scary, and is pointing to a flawed designed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: we need that sort of feedback.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega&gt; (hi, sorry for the delay!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snail&gt; i would like to suggest that <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/GSOC10+-+Add+Unit+Testing+to+Dspace">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/GSOC10+-+Add+Unit+Testing+to+Dspace</a> be prioritised for merging if possible, since it may catch collateral damage from the merging of other projects.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thats the point of threatening to commit it to trunk ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs -- I also see the REST interfaces as being entirely different....  Even in the future, I think DSpace will likely need its own REST interface to handle some of the 'workflow' tasks, etc. which are not a part of Fedora (as you are well aware, DSpace and Fedora are quite different systems)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I do think the unit testing is looking a strong candidate for committing to trunk... although....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; the point Stuart made about catching a bug in the code - whilst valid - that's a bug that could have been caught by static analysis, and we have a lot of other potential quick wins from static analysis without relying on unit tests that may in themselves be flawed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega&gt; if I may, before adding the project I would like it to be reviewed by the community, as some parts can be imporoved</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; (not saying that the unit tests are faulty, just recognising the equal potential to code a bug into the unit test as there is to write one in the code being tested)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snail&gt; grahamtriggs: i take your point</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hi pvillega</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega&gt; hi everybody :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs -- I also see your point.... and obviously pvillega is asking for more feedback on the code he's built</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; tdonohue: maybe - or maybe more workflow-y stuff gets pushed into Fedora to support Islandora / Hydra</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bojans (~Bojmen@91.119.5.170) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; join #dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs -- I'd highly doubt we'll see much of the 'workflow-y' stuff going down to the level of Fedora -- that doesn't seem to be a goal of theirs -- they are not trying to build an out-of-the-box IR system (with various pre-built workflows, etc).  But, I take your point -- if there is that much duplication between the REST interfaces, then we don't need 2.  However, at this point, there's almost no duplication between them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry, finishing up  a call, I'm 100% here now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; IMO, it does not hurt to have similar projects going in both spaces.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; It identifies the overlapting areas.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i'd agree mdiggory -- I think it helps in the long run (to build a better REST interface in both cases)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Remember that Fedora Inside is not Fedora always inside</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snail&gt; mdiggory: care to expand on that last comment?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; correct -- "Fedora Inside" is defined as "Fedora optionally Inside" (at least initially) -- the acceptance of it will help us to determine if that option is the default option or not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; More like "Fedora snaps onto the bottom, alongside X, Y, and Z?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, initially, the "Fedora Inside" idea is seen as one of the *options* when you would install DSpace -- there may still be other storage options available</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; snail: the point is that having fedora as a storage solution is an option, not a requirement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snail&gt; mdiggory: oh yes. i understand now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- so, back to GSoC -- it sounds like there is more general "acceptance" of the Unit Test project (though some concerns are still noted, and pvillega would like more feedback).  Do we want to make a decision on this project first?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the topic of discussion here is about our own SCM management and commit rights</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory, but don't we need to keep that in context of GSoC, as it is ending soon?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega&gt; tdonohue - I think if people review the code, specially failing tests (like DCDate) the project should be ready to go. I have to add a sample of an integration test but that should be ready before the weekend.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, but the question is really, can we accept alteration of our policies (or conversely voting in students to commit on trunk)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mdiggory: But we could take this as a test case for more liberal commit rights.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I was trying to tease out first which projects would be the "test case" (as robint says), so that we can then decide *how* we would want to alter our policies or vote</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; robint: quite true, actually I take what is happening here now as the first real case of discussing the addition of commiters publicly... which IMO, will lead to what your also wanting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; pvillega is not a good posterchild for GSoC however, given his status within a company that is vested into DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snail&gt; i thinking routinely adding GSoC stduents as commiters is probably a bad thing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; snail: we have fine grained commit privileges for a reason</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we can control exactly what code can be commited to and for how long</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- i think things are getting muddied here...  there's no proposal to add GSoC students as full fledged "committers".  Though they do have "commit" rights to a very specific area of our SVN (which is the "sandbox" area)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes true a little muddied...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega&gt; mdiggory that would not be a problem, professional work and GSoC are different things. Anyway, I beleive I would not be the only one in that situation. But if it has to make somebody unconfortable, maybe Stuart can do the merging</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; what's at question here is the following:  (1) Which projects (if any) do we work to get into Trunk for 1.7?  (2) Assuming there are projects, do we vote to temporarily give the students full commit rights to Trunk (to be reverted after GSoC)?  (3) Do any of our normal Committer policies need to be changed if we vote to do #2?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; the alternative to trunk commit rights we discussed was to make a branch for all the GSoC developments that were to make it into trunk (eg. REST + Unit Testing), that can be tested and then merged back in later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; pvillega: actuall, what I mean is the opposite, your more of a candidate to have stick around than a steriotypical gsoc student that is doing a summer project.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Could the mentor "sponsor" (or not) his student's access to trunk?  "Sponsor" meaning, "I think the code is good, I think the student knows his way around the SCM, and I'll help clean up if I was mistaken."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- that's a nice idea, I like that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega&gt; mdiggory ok, I misunderstood you :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega&gt; mhwood I think it makes sense</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd:  yes, that was another option -- we could let the students merge code into a Branch, and then move that Branch into Trunk once it is stable/ready</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: I would expect that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I like having multiple streams to compare, whenever big projects go in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; it might also be worth noting that trunk is very static these days..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; so should make for easy merging</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue thinks trunk may not be static much longer... :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory hopes that trunk will not be static much longer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue knows trunk will not be static much longer (I'm preparing code now)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so -- the downside of the separate branch is that it would need to be merged back to trunk quickly (while things are still relatively static, and before the flurry of activity around 1.7 gets going)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, where I would rather like to take projects that have good progress and get them in place to be the basis for that change</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and testing is paramount for being able to verify the trunk even in a state of flux</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; testing will tell us when its broken, not break it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- So, there seems to be a general consensus that the Testing project is good to get in (although pvillega wants more review from one or more committers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Do we have anyone who will volunteer to take a closer look at the Testing project as it stands, and give us your thoughts (ideally in the next week)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory would like to see that review happen on trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The alternative is to have that review on Trunk as mdiggory suggests :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega&gt; yes. If possible, I would like: (a) review of the test for DCDate and (b) review (in general) of the tests/code/infrastructure built</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So -- the DCDate code I know is being looked into for other issues -- I believe robint is looking at it (or was)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Yes. Kind of stalled but I will pick it up again. I'll look at the test as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; pvillega: can you toss in some links/pointers to the unit tests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; the implication there is that perhaps it would just be best to get that DCDate tests into Trunk, so that the others looking at DCDate changes can utilize it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and fix it if necessary)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I think it more likely that DCDate is broken than the test.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ;-) no doubt</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega&gt; mdiggory on the tests, I created a project (dspace-test) where all unit and integration tests are stored. There is one base class (AbstractUnitTest) that creates the environment required for the tests. This includes a temporal filesystem and an in-memory database.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- so, let's bring this to some sort of vote:   All those in favor of having pvillega commit his "ready" Unit Testing code (with sponsorship from Stuart Lewis) to Trunk before the end of GSoC?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega&gt; There are 2 other classes (AbstractIntegrationTEsts and DSpaceObjectTest) that can be used to create specific tests by inheriting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Looking more for...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://fisheye3.atlassian.com/committer/dspace/pvillega">http://fisheye3.atlassian.com/committer/dspace/pvillega</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; well, really we have one major piece of untangling there to remove all the DC* code, and just work from the base metadata structures</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://fisheye3.atlassian.com/changelog/dspace/sandbox/gsoc/2010/testing">http://fisheye3.atlassian.com/changelog/dspace/sandbox/gsoc/2010/testing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega&gt; oh ok :P</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; are we all still talking about the same thing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; if so, +1 to unit testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://fisheye3.atlassian.com/browse/dspace/sandbox/gsoc/2010/testing/dspace-test/src/test/java/org/dspace/content/DCDateTest.java?r=HEAD">http://fisheye3.atlassian.com/browse/dspace/sandbox/gsoc/2010/testing/dspace-test/src/test/java/org/dspace/content/DCDateTest.java?r=HEAD</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; if not, +0 for now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snail&gt; +1 to unit testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; It's alright kshepherd - we weren't voting on whether you have to do the work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; lol</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; we were just going to volunteer you regardless</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://fisheye3.atlassian.com/browse/dspace/sandbox/gsoc/2010/testing/dspace-test/src/test/java/org/dspace/AbstractUnitTest.java?r=HEAD">http://fisheye3.atlassian.com/browse/dspace/sandbox/gsoc/2010/testing/dspace-test/src/test/java/org/dspace/AbstractUnitTest.java?r=HEAD</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; VOTE (+2 so far): All those in favor of having pvillega commit his "ready" Unit Testing code (with sponsorship from Stuart Lewis) to Trunk before the end of GSoC?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (kshepherd -- were you voting for that or not?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Since there is a deadline for GSOC, I think it is okay to have a couple of tests that are not quite ready, if they are clearly marked so.  Especially if the object of the test is in flux.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: yep, that's my +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We want the tests, but we *need* the framework.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: and i volunteer grahamtriggs for all related administrative duties</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kgilbertson&gt; +1 in favor of pvillega commiting to trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: +1 to unit testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs as admin.... hear hear</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- vote is at +6 to add Unit Testing to Trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs, did you have a vote, or are you abstaining?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I'm +1 on unit testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- Final Vote is +7 -- Unit Testing will be added to Trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Did we want to touch back on REST (before meeting is over)?  mdiggory, was the proposal to add this to Trunk or as a separate "module"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; we assume stuart will be happy with this ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd hasn't looked at the REST project at all yet, must get onto that :/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so, should we be careful about voting in IRC and not the email list?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: which email list?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; dspace-dev</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega&gt; kshepherd he will hehe</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- we notified everyone in advance of this meeting and I can always post a summary back to dspace-dev for comments/additional voting (But i see no reason to re-vote there)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: guess it might depend how quickly a decision needs to be made? dspace-devel probably opens things up a bit better, but you'd probably have to give 7 days or so for voting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sounds good tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; as long as everyone knows these weekly meetings happen and logs keep getting posted, at least it's transparent</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ok, we need to talk about REST next</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and that possibly brings up more topics around modules revisioning and async releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes the time -- we cannot dig too deep here if we want to make a decision today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Because I would view the addition of the REST project as going in the opposite direction we are talking about going with those.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; IE trying to breakout applications into separate projects.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and async releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- so what's the proposal for the REST interface -- would it be added to trunk? or to the "modules" area?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok so tdonohue perhaps we ask ourselves that if we have a currently working sync versioning strategy. Do we push rest into that and treat it like the others until the appropriate path is visible to asyn releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snail&gt; i'll abstain from the REST discussion and vote, since I know too little about it (and don't have time to get up to speed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega&gt; tdonohue - in fact I should get going. robint - contact me if you have any question regarding the dcdate tests ok?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; pvillega: will do. cheers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pvillega&gt; cheers all, talk again soon :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega (~pvillega@89.100.155.181) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue:  that is part of the issue, given a dependency on DSpace api and a continued sync releasing, if you want dspace-rest as part of the distribution, it has to go into trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; Practically, I think it needs to be part of the sync release process to reach users - but, I'm not prepared to commit to supporting the rest interface at this stage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is it possible that some modular features will be more amenable to async. release than others?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i quite like the idea of async releases for modules, but i'm not sure how to gauge community uptake..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; there are parts of the async process that still need to be worked out.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; and we've been able to release language packs asynchronously for a while now (correct me if wrong) but it hasn't really taken off..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (that might just reflect a lack of work on language packs though ;))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; At this time async release requires adding in maven build process if you want them in your disto</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so -- if it helps, we can add 'async releases' / modules to agenda for next week (and/or do another special topic meeting in a few weeks devoted to it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kshepherd: that a need more than a feature</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; most folks do not get that every time they rebuild reguardless of the distro they are using, new i18n modules are looked for</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so 1.6.x.x release of i18n should be happening now, but we havn't the resources to keep the releases happening. (either CI or human)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Aha, languages are one of the things which can be modular but which I think should release along with the core when possible.  "DSpace 2.3 is released, but it won't work in French or Urdu."  Yuck.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but the translation happens afterward mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Why?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes we're over time here -- no decision on REST for now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and I'm not at all for stalling a release for i18n completness.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; talk about a scheduled release cycle buzz kill</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- translation happens after a release cause often the messages files are being changed during testathons/etc (and not all the translators can update right away)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If we had a good way to highlight changes in the message catalog keys, so that translators can readily know what needs doing, then they can work right along with the rest.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* JoseBlanco (8dd32b9d@gateway/web/freenode/ip.141.211.43.157) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: I am dealling with a similar issue right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory, you never gave a proposal for REST to vote on -- is this something we should discuss either via email or next week?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah, claudia and i were trying to think of ways to manage collaboration around i18n for dspace a while back</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but we didn't really get anywhere :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kshepherd: I have but one response... database</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: sure.. it's more the interface that's the problem, not storage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: given the time we need to push to next week I think</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue if anyone needs to head out feel free -- we're well over time -- but, I'll stick around a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think we should discuss it in the next 45 minute though in relation to the GSoC meeting time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I would welcome any discussion on modularity etc on the mailing lists</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd has a (probably silly) solr search question as well, if that's not too offtopic :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- ok, I can hang around for a while to brainstorm on REST, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I will heave out one more thought and then I have to go:  having a 1.7 Swahili language pack (for example) that is 95% ready at release is better than having none.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; +1 for mhwood as Swahili i18n maintainer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; wow, i didn't know mhwood knew Swahili</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; He doesn't.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, but the key to the translations is actually finding the translator to maintain it :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Are there people who have committed to *maintaining* translations?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; no</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; not really -- that's the bigger problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; it all gets dumped on Claudia</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; that is 99% of the problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that's another reason why DSpace is often released with little or not translations -- initially it's just Claudia, and then other people translate as they upgrade and notice the issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Call for volunteers.  Your name on the page of "special thanks to the following for keeping our translations up-to-date."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Tools to help notice the issues is what maintainers will need.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep.. i think this would be a grea meeting topic some time as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; great*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; tools will probably help with volunteers (make it easier and it may not be such a big deal overall) -- but, tools need development (obviously), and that also takes a volunteer or two</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, will save my ranting for that meeting -- gotta go now anyway.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- did you say you wanted to brainstorm more on REST now? or just leave it all to next week (I can add to agenda, obviously)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok I'm back, needed to take 5</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, my thoughts/concerns have more to do with how are modules installed into DSpace...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; right now we have to utilize a build process to attain this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- so what are your thoughts then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; One option to avoid worrying about if a modules is "endorsed" or not, is to focus on making that process easier</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; One example might be to create a number of maven archetypes that assist in the installation of new modules</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This actually something that was started back around the time of the maven adoption</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/tools/maven/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/tools/maven/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I sense that eventually this might allow for installing modules into runtime dspace instances</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, essentially installing modules via commandline, I assume?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; By the point we get there... OSGi become more interesting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but for now, I'm talking about something more akin to maven pom alteration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; for instance, installing dspace-rest as a module might look like:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mvn dspace:install-rest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; run within the the dspace/modules directory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; it would create a overlay project for "rest" add it to the modules/pom.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmm...liking that general idea so far</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the dspace:xxxxxxx namespace for installing would be the dspace means of "endorsing" an addon module</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this would break the cycle we are encountering in trying to do releases that include modules maintained externally</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; sounds pretty good to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; it might even be the case that this be utilized during the assembly process so that module sources are then not part of the distribution, but downloaded separately based on the selection of choices</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; right --plus it lets us ship a release with less interfaces overall (or give you the option of "selecting" which ones you want, perhaps)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mvn dspace:assemble-core -Dfrom-source=true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mvn dspace:assemble -Dmodules=xmlui,oai,rest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm thinking of a day where you could run an 'easy installer':   "dspace install" , and it asks "Which interfaces do you want?" and lets you select from a list of "endorsed" options (XMLUI, JSPUI, OAI, SWORD, LNI, REST, SOLR, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (that easy installer obviously could just wrap the appropriate 'mvn' calls)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; at this point we only use ant because we need to move a bunch of files around to custom locations.  But a maven achetype plugin could provide similar capabilties</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and i like that idea as well -- I hate that we still need both maven and ant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- so, do  you have time to devote to this to try and prove it out a bit more?  Or, is this something you are just throwing out the idea for and hoping someone else will take lead on?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; there are many approaches possible with the tooling</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm hoping for someone else to bite on it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I did do initial prototyping some time ago, but the work never came to fruition</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, how can we promote this to others than?  (Although I'm interested, I'm really devoted towards the AIP work in the nearterm to get that into 1.7)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://maven.apache.org/guides/mini/guide-creating-archetypes.html">http://maven.apache.org/guides/mini/guide-creating-archetypes.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; A wiki page and a announcement on the topic might help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; can you write that up on wiki -- since you know this best, and understand what we could be doing with archetypes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Somewhere in my crazy day.... yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i'd really appreciate it (doesn't have to be today -- but maybe soonish, in next week or so).  I like this idea, and it'd be good to find someone who is interested in helping on it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; theres always lots of examples of project initialization on teh web already</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://www.grails.org/Maven+Integration">http://www.grails.org/Maven+Integration</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://www.sonatype.com/books/mvnref-book/reference/flex-dev-sect-application-archetype.html">http://www.sonatype.com/books/mvnref-book/reference/flex-dev-sect-application-archetype.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://answers.oreilly.com/topic/258-how-to-create-a-new-maven-project-from-the-command-line/">http://answers.oreilly.com/topic/258-how-to-create-a-new-maven-project-from-the-command-line/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Got to run but I enjoyed this topic, very interesting. Cheers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://www.sonatype.com/books/mvnref-book/reference/archetypes.html">http://www.sonatype.com/books/mvnref-book/reference/archetypes.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (52292565@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.37.101) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well -- hopefully that can get someone interested -- good links to include on the wiki page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok... I'm moving this into the wiki...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; good :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we are still going roundabout on the other projects, but at this time, they are still looking to not be in the trunk afaict</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; right -- the other GSoC projects -- yea, I assumed as much -- they all seem like great wok, but we aren't quite ready for them yet (hopefully though they will be of great use in the future -- especially with the "Fedora Inside" project)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kgilbertson (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) Quit (Quit: cupcake happy hour : /)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, bridging the divide between dspace2 and dspace1 is a rather challenging</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hardy_pottinger (80ce8605@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.134.5) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bojans (~Bojmen@91.119.5.170) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: grahamtriggs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>