<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2010-08-11
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@c-66-30-9-86.hsd1.ma.comcast.net) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 20:32:05 UTC 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mboschini (c1ce9ca0@gateway/web/freenode/ip.193.206.156.160) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* alxp (~alxp@PC044.ROBLIB.UPEI.CA) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:40]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Quit: Heading out...talk to you later.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-10-103.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mboschini (c1ce9ca0@gateway/web/freenode/ip.193.206.156.160) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-10-103.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue1 (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Disconnected by services)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue1 is now known as tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* alxp (~alxp@PC044.ROBLIB.UPEI.CA) Quit (Quit: alxp)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jatrimble (~jtrimble@maag127.maag.ysu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* snail (~stuart@130.195.179.88) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* HardyPottinger (80ce8627@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.134.39) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kgerbeitson (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@dhcp-18-111-26-9.dyn.mit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all -- Here's today's DSpace Devel Mtg agenda:  <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-08-11">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-08-11</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We're going to start off today with some JIRA catchup (for the first 20 mins or so).  We'll probably be doing this for the next few meetings, so that we can all catchup on what issues need fixing before 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here is a search for recent issues in JIRA: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;&amp;pid=10020&amp;resolution=-1&amp;created%3Aprevious=-20w&amp;assigneeSelect=&amp;sorter/field=created&amp;sorter/order=ASC">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;&amp;pid=10020&amp;resolution=-1&amp;created%3Aprevious=-20w&amp;assigneeSelect=&amp;sorter/field=created&amp;sorter/order=ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~chatzilla@host119-222-dynamic.16-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll be starting with DS-533, as soon as I'm able to paste in the info</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Collection Short Description not visible : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-533">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-533</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1 fix for 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (for those who are new to this -- here's how we vote &amp; review these JIRA issues: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/JIRA+Cleanup+Sessions">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/JIRA+Cleanup+Sessions</a> )</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 as well, fix for 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kgerbeitson&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; its a theme bug, so that means update reference, or use different theme</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snail&gt; tdonohue: +1 the link in the issue doesn't work for me though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, DS-533 summary: +6, we'll schedule it for 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt;  Documentation patch to alleviate file ownership confusion : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-535">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-535</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; jatrimble, need any help with this one?  I see it's already assigned to you?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Comments say it needs rework &amp; I haven't done that yet, sorry.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh -- wait -- I remember this one...this was change suggested by mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; I don't think so....I'd like to update the documentation when we convert to Confluence.  Can we hold off until then?  (Like in two weeks...)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; OOPS</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, we'll skip for now... mhwood &amp; jatrimble will look into as needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Functional Test Framework for DSpace : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-536">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-536</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any thoughts on this? Is this obsolete cause of the Unit Test Framework in Trunk now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It appears to be a different sort of testing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (obsolete is wrong word -- obviously functional testing different then unit testing)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; It should at least be evaluated against that work , I think</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- will assign DS-536 to stuartlewis (as he mentor for Unit Test GSoC project) to get his feedback.  We'll revisit later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PopulateMetadataFromPubmed patch seems incompatible with DSpace 1.6 : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-540">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-540</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; who did original work (patch)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; this was grahamtriggs' old patch -- it never made it into "trunk"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; graham isn't here today...though, we can always assign it to him for feedback/updates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Should we see if he has interest in keeping alive?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sure.  Assign DS-540 to Graham Triggs for feedback/updates.  revisit later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Item Mapper List of Mapped Items Usability : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-545">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-545</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; 0 - needs sponsor /inplementer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; agreed -- sounds like it could be resolved relatively easily just by changing the wording on the instructions on that page?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any volunteers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; half is to change the wording, likely an i18n thing, but it has some change requested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yeah, it's a bug *and* an improvement request.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; i.e. view mappings while not already drilled into collection</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; true -- I overlooked that.  Any volunteers to split this issue apart (into it's halves) and/or tackle at least the bug?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can split and do the bug half.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; -1 the browse system could change if we adopt the dspace-discovery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks mhwood -- assign DS-545 to mhwood, and split into bug &amp; feature/improvement request</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; XMLUI 'Notice's are always added by the Administrative aspect even if the content was generated by another aspect. : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-546">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-546</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robin taylor has already claimed this one...so, I'll assume he's working on it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd vote to schedule this for 1.7 though -- it sounds like mdiggory &amp; rtaylor have a good handle on it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yep +1 if Robin has it sorted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll schedule DS-546 for 1.7, and touch base with Robin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Allow anchor tags/Xref objects in the XMLUI to have an 'id' attribute. : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-549">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-549</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Any sense of how disruptive this would be?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; seems simple enough -- it seems like the whole goal is just to allow for the final XHTML &lt;a&gt; elements to have @id</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; As long as it is optional, it would have backword compatability issue in web design.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; good point, jatrimble -- I think it would be -- as the themes/CSS don't look for an @id attribute right now (as it isn't possible)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any volunteers to look into this a bit more?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I can test the patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; exactly........  with css, backwords compatability is essential until something in css is depricated.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, thanks PeterDietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Assign DS-549 to PeterDietz for testing and analysis</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Upgrade to latest Google Analytics tracking code : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-550">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-550</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 this seems logical, already assigned to stuartlewis...I'd say we schedule for 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1 should be small and simple too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kgerbeitson&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh wait -- it already is scheduled for 1.7 :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jatrimble&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Servlet to deliver repository size statistics : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-552">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-552</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Isn't this also proposed 1.7 feature?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Depends on DS-494</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; 0 It seems more a REST function</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, this was a proposed 1.7 feature -- any comments mhwood?   Sounds useful to me, assuming it's obviously Admin-only</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and also assuming we add links to this /content-statistics path from the Admin UIs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We're using it here for the "library dashboard", to show anyone who cares how many items we have and suchlike.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's not really formatted for browsing; it's a little blob of XML for other app.s to use.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; the output content is in xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kgerbeitson&gt; what's the "images" statistic?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Any bitstream with MIME time "images/*".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kgerbeitson&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; move this stuff in the rest project so that it is separate from jspui/xmlui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Assuming that the REST project is adopted, that is probably the place for this to go.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; if it's just XML returned, it seems logical to add to either REST or SOLR (or both)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; How would it fit into Solr?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; expose via REST, +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; via REST +1 (in solr project only staff related to the solr engine)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Solr can store any data -- so, it could just as easily be used to store/cache this information about content stats (you just need to feed it into Solr, and then build an interface to pull it out of Solr into a UI)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; hi kshepherd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I think that with dspace-discovery we can already build these data</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Seems simpler just to ask the DBMS to count index entries, for now.  If the data model changes radically then Solr might be more attractive.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; sorry for lateness, i'm a bit further from work these days..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini -- yea, I think you might be right -- and dspace-discovery is built on Solr :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood makes a note to finally find out what dspace-discovery is.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I'm starting to investigate about discovery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mhwood: solr search+facets instead of ArtifactBrowser in XMLUI, basically :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- any resolution on DS-552?  sounds like many in favor of moving this to REST or at least putting on hold for now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; +1 REST, it already has some 'countitems' verbs that i've noticed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1 hold for REST decision</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; +1 rest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- DS-552 -- keep assigned to mhwood.  On hold to investigate moving to REST</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we're at 30mins now..shall we stop for today (and do another 1/2 hour next week)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, we've made good progress and shouldn't starve any other agenda items.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok...if we have more time, we'll tack more JIRA items on at the end</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The only other item today was DSpace 1.7 discussion/updates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I have some concerns about discovery... but I notice that Mark is not here today to discuss</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; any other has tried it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; not me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I got it, and put up a how to, and kshepherd has been able to install it as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; my concerns are about the solr installation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i have it running fine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I have not tried it -- Mark Diggory is on leave (he &amp; his wife just had a baby), but he said he should be back in our meetings next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; solr installation is no more difficult than solr statistics currently</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kgerbeitson&gt; Will this be an optional module? (also concerns about having someone who can admin solr at small sites)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; have you noted that it is a custom installation?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.11.108) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I'm talking about the solr installation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'm happy to give people access to <a href="http://dspace.net.school.nz">http://dspace.net.school.nz</a> (it's behind http auth) if they want to try out discovery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snail&gt; kgerbeitson: solr shouldn't need independent admin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I think Dryad also runs discovery in some form: <a href="http://www.datadryad.org/search?query=&amp;rpp=10&amp;group_by=none&amp;sort_by=score&amp;order=DESC&amp;submit=Go">http://www.datadryad.org/search?query=&amp;rpp=10&amp;group_by=none&amp;sort_by=score&amp;order=DESC&amp;submit=Go</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; bollini: i'm not sure what you mean.. i already had solr isntalled because i was using 1.6 stats</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; discovery becomes an additional core to solr, as statistics was the original core</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; bollini: so building discovery was just adding a core</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; kshepherd, the sorl installation for statistics is a 1.3</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; the solr installation for discovery is a 1.4 modified</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; with support for additional features like aggregation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- we probably need to touch base with mdiggory and @mire about this.  So, far, Discovery was still not finalized as being part of 1.7.  I think it was a hopeful feature, but never voted in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ah. i didn't realise that it was modified..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-solr/trunk/README">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-solr/trunk/README</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini, would you be willing to send you concerns/questions about Discovery to 'dspace-devel', to try and kick off this discussion?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I'm concerned about the maintenance of the SOLR-236 patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; tdonohue ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, one thing for us all to note, is that this week is our first milestone "Feature Decision Day".  See timeline here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.7.0+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.7.0+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Obviously, it sounds like there are still a few features that are undecided -- e.g. Discovery, REST, others?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And there are two proposed features on the agenda:  REST and AIP Backup.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes.  So, those are two that I know have been proposed recently:  REST &amp; AIP Backup/Restore.    Bollini just also brought up Discovery which is also needs a decision</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; well i like discovery.. i didn't realise the issues with dspace-solr dependency (didn't even realise it *was* a dependency) or that dspace-solr was so custom.. but at least it's basically stable and working as advertised</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'm still reasonably confident about generalized type-based submission &amp; curation (AIP replication, virus check, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I like the idea behind discovery, so +1 for it with some technical details to decide</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; the point here is that, we probably won't be able to decide all of this by our proposed "Feature Decision Day".  So, I'm willing to be a little flexible (assuming everyone agrees), and work these details out over the next few weeks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Can we say that features that have sponsors, progress, and low hurdles are planned/approved features for 1.7, and the tougher things will be decided later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; AIP looks good to me, i haven't had a chance to play with it yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; a last notice, I should be able to support the integration of discovery in JSPUI for 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; and i've played with REST API and will definitely be +1 on that once all the GET features work as advertised (without running tomcat out of memory ;))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; though.. it's also a candidate for async release as well?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I think we have sponsors in place for most of these main features (as listed on the 1.7 notes).   It'd just be good to start to get more of this work going into trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (or moving towards trunk if not quite there yet)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So are there any we are ready to decide?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd like to decide on the AIP backup/restore work today, if we could do a quick vote (i'm a bit biased, as I'm tired of merging code and want to get this work moved into trunk)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; via email, I had already heard +2 (from Stuart and from Robin) for AIP into trunk...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'm OK - but I sent you a few more issues tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers -- yep, this code can change still, if we have issues with parts of it :)  Just want to get it in soon, as it's in a nice stable state to do so</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; +1 as all the changes need by sword, lni are already in place, right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; fine +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; AIP +1 -- we need to get it out in front of people and see what they make of it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini -- yes...SWORD changes are thoroughly tested &amp; work.   LNI changes are in there, but I need some more help testing it (volunteers?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kgerbeitson&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jatrimble (~jtrimble@maag127.maag.ysu.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; tdonohue, sorry I can't test LNI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (my problem with LNI, is that I cannot even get the 1.6.2 LNI working properly with the clients I've tried -- so, it makes it difficult to test my small refactoring of it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll add an Issue to JIRA to ask for LNI testing after the code goes into Trunk -- someone surely is using LNI?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- sounds like we have a general consensus -- I'll work to get the code into trunk very soon, and also work to resolve the issues that richardrodgers sent along already</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Can I raise a quick question? In 1.6.1 we sort-of deprecated the /bin scripts. Can we vote to remove them in 1.7?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; (just leave 'dspace', and any non-java scripts)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If it's been announced already, and we make some more noise as release approaches, I think we should do that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I agree too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hi stuartlewis -- sure, we can vote on that... I'd be +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kgerbeitson&gt; +1, definitely with noise</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep, +1 to removal and to more noise/documentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; stuartlewis: can we replace them with clones that say 'use dpsace'?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; richardrodgers: hmm.. that's a good idea for people who forget about old cronjobs, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; (just to be a little friendlier about pulling the rug out)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; richardrodgers: Maybe, but we've got to deprecate them sometime, so it might just confuse people more? Maybe a clean cut is better? Especially if people run these via cron, they might not see the warning message.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; true - it might get lost</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; it it's stderr output, cron should email it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If they don't see the message from a cron job, will they see the job fail?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; also, are we changed the header code license to be a bit more abbreviated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So we're plus four (incl me) for dropping the scripts. Any other votes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd like to see us actually cut things off that we 'deprecate', and just document/announce it broadly  (we've been notoriously bad about this in the past -- we've been releasing with a deprecated DCValue class for years now)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1 ok with me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Thanks - will get that done.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, DCValue has its tentacles into *everything*.  But breaks or complains, either way people who are watching should see it and those not watching won't.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1 remove old scripts</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt;  yea, i just noticed it again now that Trunk (for me at least) throws WARNING every time it compiles anything with DCValue :)  (I think it's the new testing settings?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; +1 drop the bin scripts</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; tdonohue: Yes - static analysis as part of maven. Is that OK, or would you prefer it turned off?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i think it's pretty cool, personally</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK for now -- might need to turn it off for the release (we don't want people emailing asking what the WARNING messages mean when they first build DSpace 1.7)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; For release it should be off, and we should be able to turn it on via profile or the like (and should do so).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - we can investigate that over the next month or so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK -- we're over time.  We'll push the REST discussion to next week, when mdiggory will also be back.  We can try and decide whether we want to release it as "experimental", do an asynchronous release, or just wait till 1.8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Discovery also on next week?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Feel free to add your thoughts on dspace-devel, or dspace-commit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; that's the beauty of timed releases, there's always another on soon...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes -- Discovery too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, next week will be:  JIRA catchup, REST, Discovery (and anything else that comes up between now and then)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; have a good one all!   I'll stick around here for a bit in case anyone has anything pressing to discuss</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds good.  'bye, all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; bye all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; thanks all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@dhcp-18-111-26-9.dyn.mit.edu) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.11.108) Quit (Quit: sandsfish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (~chatzilla@host119-222-dynamic.16-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) Quit (Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.86 [Firefox 3.6.8/20100722155716])</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kgerbeitson (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) Quit (Quit: kgerbeitson)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* HardyPottinger (80ce8627@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.134.39) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-10-103.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 265 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-10-103.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>