<span class="irc-date">[0:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: grahamtriggs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* noreply_ (~chatzilla@c-67-171-28-159.hsd1.wa.comcast.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* noreply_ (~chatzilla@c-67-171-28-159.hsd1.wa.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@fedcommsrv1.nsdlib.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 16:32:05 EDT 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* noreply_ (~chatzilla@c-67-171-28-159.hsd1.wa.comcast.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* noreply_ (~chatzilla@c-67-171-28-159.hsd1.wa.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~trig01@80.169.130.178) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@dhcp-18-111-8-77.dyn.mit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~trig01@80.169.130.178) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cccharles (~user@131.104.62.47) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all...DSpace Developer Meeting will be starting here in a few minutes...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hmmm...we're a smaller group than normal, it seems.  Everyone must be out celebrating the release of 1.6.0 today!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-173-76-18-245.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, may as well get started...I was just saying we're a small group, but it looks like grahamtriggs and richardrodgers just joined up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keith-noadmin (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* grahamtriggs waves</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; First agenda item?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; first and foremost...a huge congrats to us all on 1.6.0 Release Day!   Thanks to stuartlewis for being the intrepid release mgr, and our new docs guru Jeff Trimble...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah thanks guys :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; hear hear!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we all deserve a round of applause / virtual beers :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; [applause all 'round]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; ...and thanks to Tim for actually making the release and helping all the way through!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's a general agenda: <a href="https://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?thread_name=4B8E8844.2030901%40duraspace.org&amp;forum_name=dspace-devel">https://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?thread_name=4B8E8844.2030901%40duraspace.org&amp;forum_name=dspace-devel</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I wanted to first touch on Google Summer of Code 2010.  Are we definitely all in this year?  Applications are due next week for mentoring organizations.   I'm willing to be the main "administrator", if someone will volunteer as backup/co-admin for GSOC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thoughts?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Should we get a sense of the mentor pool?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* stuartlewis is happy to volunteer *if* you can find no one else, but am happy to sit back and do nothing for 6 months too!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers: good point.  Anyone willing to be a mentor?  (I'll also send this out across dspace-devel after the meeting)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I'd like to see mentor pairs - perhaps a developer + a user.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's the FAQ on GSOC: <a href="http://socghop.appspot.com/document/show/gsoc_program/google/gsoc2010/faqs">http://socghop.appspot.com/document/show/gsoc_program/google/gsoc2010/faqs</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I know it's often proposal-dependent, but it might help if we know roughly hoe many *might* participate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Perhaps we've aimed too high in the past with 4+ students? Maybe if we go for 2, or perhaps 3, we can all work together, to make sure we get some useful outputs we can get into the next release?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; good point.  maybe a smaller group would be good.   I'm looking for suggestions from those of you who've been more involved with GSOC in the past (and I realize mdiggory is not in attendance to add his input as past GSOC admin)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok...maybe this is best taken offline to dspace-devel to get more folks involved.   We obviously need a group of potential mentors first.  So, if any of you would like to mentor a student (or help co-mentor one), please let me know.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I like the "all work together" aspect.  I would feel more confident of my ability to contribute as part of a group than in a 1:1 mentoring relationship.  But, how to prevent pulling the student this way and that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; We could make GOSC part of the weekly meetings?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 10 minutes with each student.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jtrimble (~jtrimble@maag127.maag.ysu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis:  I think we could tack it on the end/beginning of weekly meetings.  But, as we only have an hour, it might be hard in some meetings to spend that much time devoted to GSOC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, I think we could do a 1/2 hr before or after the normal meeting to concentrate on GSOC (essentially extend the meeting to 1.5 hrs on those weeks)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; if that seems reasonable..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yep - sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok...well, I'll table this for now and note that mhwood, stuartlewis and myself all seem interested (plus maybe richardrodgers)...we'll see if we can get more GSOC interest on dspace-devel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Could we post it to dspace-general too, to try and get some non-developer input too?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'd also throw out the idea that there is no need to adhere to our past practice of mentor == comitter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; good points on both parts.  I think last year we had a few non-committers as mentors actually (unless I'm mistaken)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Speaking of "committers"...it's worth reminding everyone that *anyone* can recommend a new committer to add to our group.  I'd like to keep us growing, so feel free to make suggestions for more people to add</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; And people can recommend themselves too - we've had that happen in the past.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; definitely!   If you have suggestions, send them to myself, dspace-devel or dspace-commit (if you are a current committer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any suggestions are welcome...the only real requirements are that (a) you will remain semi-active in DSpace work, and (b) you are interested &amp; excited to join the group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Should we put a formal call out for more committers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next Topic:  Upcoming releases --- yes, I know we all want to take a nice long break after 1.6.0...but, there's already many new patches/features waiting to be added.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Make it explicitly known we're on the lookout?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Trunk is open again?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis: yea..good idea on that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Before we open trunk, should we decide on the release process?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood:  actually, we need to branch (didn't get to that yet).   1.6.x branch for 1.6.1 (and subminor), and then trunk for 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Will 1.6.1 be just for bug fixes, in which case we branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* carynn (~80c8e115@gateway/web/freenode/x-fumpnijyqbkqtklv) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd like to suggest a general release process that we start to work towards 1.6.1 (bugs fixes only) and 1.7 (new features) somewhat simultaneously.   Next week, we'll also have our first Special Topics Mtg to suggest new release process ideas -- but, I fully expect that process will take weeks/months to have final results, and I'd rather not wait that long</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; If 1.6.1 will be bigger (like .x.y releases have been in the past) then branching hasn't tended to work as we never bother to apply to both trunk and branch.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; When we started on 1.6 we actually moved trunk to a branch, and moved the 1.5.x branch to trunk because this had happened.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; do we want to do a quick decision on 1.6.1, so that we aren't holding up Trunk for new work, etc.?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; tdonohue: +1 (1.6.1 bug fixes only) (1.7 sooner rather than later)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1 small 1.6.1 1.7 soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok...that sounds pretty definitive then :)  We'll create a 1.6.x branch today (for 1.6.1 work, bug fixes only), and open trunk back up for 1.7 work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; which *cough* raises the RC issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; someone want to create the branch?...I already have several email ToDos out of this meeting. :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers:  you are one step ahead :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - will do it (unless anyone has a burning desire to do so?) My last act as RC.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks stuartlewis... sounds like a nice last act as RC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; a grateful community salutes you  :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, that brings up the RC (Release Coordinator) question.   If we are going to work on 1.6.1 (bug fixes only) and 1.7 (new features) simultaneously, then we need two RCs (one for each)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Would anyone like to try out the RC role (no experience necessary, and I'm always here as "backup support" if you need it)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Should that wait a bit until we have the release process worked out?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; *she asks hesitantly* do we have any documentation about RC responsibilities?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mhwood: +1, especially if we're going to try and get some non-devs more closely involved in the RC process.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood:  I think 1.6.1 doesn't need to wait at all...the RC can start immediately with any known bugs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; carynn: You make it up as you go along! :) That's what I did anyway. We all have our own style.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Next week we sould begin to give some shape to common expectations.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I think with 1.7, whoever is RC will have to be flexible.  I'd like to hope we can start down the path of 1.7 a bit...but, with the understanding that the RC may end up with additional support or help (depending on what we decide going forward).  If others disagree, let me know :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/ReleaseCoordinating">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/ReleaseCoordinating</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; mhwood: that would be useful...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; Would it be detrimental to wait a week to select a new rc? maybe add that to the agenda for next week, and decide that we'll decide then?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; carynn: that's a good point.  We could discuss 1.7 RC more then, based on any initial ideas coming from that meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; No reason to decide immediately, we just wanted to raise the flag sooner rather than later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; agreed - it would be better for everyone to have this decided sooner rather than later!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, sounds reasonable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; In particular, folks might need time to get employer on board.....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, makes perfect sense.   Think about if any of you would like to be RC for 1.6.1 or help with 1.7.   We can talk more about this next week at the first Special Topic Meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; exactly! maybe a message to the listserv indicating that this opportunity is available - include a quick "this is what the responsibilities might look like (url stuart lewis provided)" - basically something that can be used in conversations with employers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 1.6.1 doesn't need much coordination early on -- we already know it's to be bugfixes.  The major work to go into trunk before branching a new-features release hasn't been worked out yet, but when it is then trunk will need someone guiding its development from the start.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Just a side note: <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/branches/dspace-1_6_x/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/branches/dspace-1_6_x/</a> is now created</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks stuart!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* stuartlewis will spend half an hour on <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/ReleaseCoordinating">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/ReleaseCoordinating</a> to try and make it more comprehensive (and attractive to potential RCs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; More thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yep, mention the cars and free trips</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; awesome.  thanks stuart!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; richardrogers: see, now that's motivational</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; cars? wow...I need to get in on that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, well beyond those topics, and mentioning the Special Topics Meeting on Release Process proposals next week (<a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Proposals#Release_Cycle.2FProcess_Proposals),">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Proposals#Release_Cycle.2FProcess_Proposals),</a> we've pretty much finished the agenda.  Anything else to discuss?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Big black ones, with a personal driver.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue thinks everyone just wants out early...to start the 1.6.0 party!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Drinks are on me! Thanks for your help with the release - it has been a big community effort. I owe you all a drink (so will probably avoid you all at OR10!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue will respond "Stuart Lewis? no...never heard of him."   psst...Stuart, you owe me another drink</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; isn't that one of the other perks of the big black car with the driver? a quick getaway?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks Stuart, and everyone else.  You helped us put out one heck of a release!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll call this meeting adjourned, and start drafting up my various emails about RC, GSOC, new committers, etc.  Have a great week all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jtrimble&gt; Bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jtrimble (~jtrimble@maag127.maag.ysu.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; thanks all, bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-173-76-18-245.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; thnx everyone! l8r</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* carynn (~80c8e115@gateway/web/freenode/x-fumpnijyqbkqtklv) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; bye, thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Thanks - bye!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cheers all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@dhcp-18-111-8-77.dyn.mit.edu) Quit (Quit: sandsfish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* keith-noadmin (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) Quit (Quit: keith-noadmin)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cccharles (~user@131.104.62.47) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: grahamtriggs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* noreply_ (~chatzilla@c-67-171-28-159.hsd1.wa.comcast.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* noreply_ (~chatzilla@c-67-171-28-159.hsd1.wa.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
