<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2011-05-25
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[5:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc_ (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc_ is now known as bradmc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-calvino.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-calvino.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-calvino.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-calvino.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:44]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:44]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:44]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs1 (~Graham@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bojans (~Bojmen@62-47-250-176.adsl.highway.telekom.at) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, reminder we have our DSpace Developers Mtg here at the top of the hour.  Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-05-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-05-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2011-05-25 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-05-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-05-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@sul272peter.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* vibhajrajan (~Unnikanna@14.97.155.107) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cccharles (~chris@131.104.62.48) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (522921b0@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.33.176) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hey all, welcome.  It's about time to get started with our DSpace Developers Mtg.  Today's agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-05-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-05-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2011-05-25 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-05-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-05-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C15567.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll begin with our usual JIRA quick review.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; here's our list of issues that still need some sort of general review: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-807+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-807+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-807">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-807</a> ] - [#DS-807] The selection screen of the Creative Commons don't make use the preferred language of the user - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-807+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-807+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-96-237-109-32.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll start today with DS-807</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-807">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-807</a> ] - [#DS-807] The selection screen of the Creative Commons don't make use the preferred language of the user - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm not sure why we shouldn't obey the user's language setting in his browser.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; This will likely be superceded by CC rewrite - so should consider only as a pre 1.8 fix....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Will the CC rewrite cover jspui ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers: is the CC rewrite work definite for 1.8?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: yes, we can commit, we are running locally already</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, would be good to get a JIRA issue setup for the CC rewrite work, so that we can link this Ds-807 over to it.  Also, that way we can get someone to help with JSPUI if needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; robint: good question - the backend would work for both, but we did not hook it up to jspUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; OK I'll open a ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ds-807 Summary: should be superceded by CC Rewrite.  richardrodgers will create a CC Rewrite ticket and link this over to it / close it as deemed necessary.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (80cea2c6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.162.198) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Sounds good.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up, DS-810</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-810">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-810</a> ] - [#DS-810] Allow workflow notifications to be turned off in dspace.cfg - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Already assigned.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, we'll assume kshepherd is hard at work on Ds-810, and will notify us if it needs future review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DS-811</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-811">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-811</a> ] - [#DS-811] Delete / withdraw items via bulk csv editing - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (assigned to stuartlewis looks like)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; if any comments on Ds-811, please add to that issue itself.  Looks like stuartlewis has this under control, and hopefully he'll let us know if it needs more review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; If Stuart is already signed up, +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd say +1 to the idea as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1 basic idea.  Not so sure about overloading fields that way.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ds-811: several in favor, leave assigned to stuartlewis for resolution.  May need more discussion after stuart decides which way he'd propose to implement it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up DS-812</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-812">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-812</a> ] - [#DS-812] Postgres errors - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs -- looks like you are assigned here.  Anything needing review right now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; or grahamtriggs1 (not sure which is the real graham)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; none of us are</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; looks like neither of them !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, sounds like graham isn't here. I'm assuming there *is* an issue here, since he claimed it. We'll check with grahamtriggs for updates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Looks like another "run index-init".  I wonder if we can conveniently detect that from the exception and tell the user what is really wrong.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I also see this error</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs1&gt; Not sure if anything can be said without the browse.* config from dspace.cfg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ds-812 summary: need more info from graham &amp; others who see this issue -- need proposal for how best to resolve?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe at startup the app.s should take a peek and see if all of the necessary tables are in fact set up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, there should be some "check", I'd think...and then a more useful error like "Your Browse Index is uninitiatlized"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, bring discussion to Ds-812 on best way to fix this -- would be nice to find a way to avoid this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll do one more for today: DS-814</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-814">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-814</a> ] - [#DS-814] Missing stanza in DSpace.cfg file necessary for SOLR statistics - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The work we are doing on versioning checks on startup for appropriate tables and executes the appropriate sql for the db vendor to create them. I'm thinking about making install and uninstall CLI commands that will allow us to install/uninstall the db requirements.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thus installing the item versioning module would require ./dspace install-versioning-db-support for those that are more paranoid about code actually creating db objects.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any comments on Ds-814?  Are these really required? They don't seem to be in 1.7.x at all (maybe they are older SOLR settings?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Well all I can say about it it that those properties aren't used by the DSpace stats</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I think Ds-814 is an optional way to extend solr statistics, since it functions without them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yea thats an old ticket for something that was not part of the contribution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; so its documentation for a non-existing feature</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, so close Ds-814 then and mark "won't fix"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sounds like that need to go out of the docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Is it still in the docs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Just exported a fresh 1.6.2 and statistics.items.dc is not in there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I thought (not sure) that this got removed for DSpace 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It doesn't look to be in the current docs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; right... its gone... close</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC/DSpace+Statistics">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC/DSpace+Statistics</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Statistics - DSpace Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC/DSpace+Statistics">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC/DSpace+Statistics</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ds-814: Close issue -- this is already resolved in docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, we'll stop there for today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next topic: 1.7.2 updates -- what is still outstanding with 1.7.2?  PeterDietz, any comments?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; For DSpace 1.7.2, we need to have DS-875 and DS-841 tested/assigned and committed into 1.7.x branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-875">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-875</a> ] - [#DS-875] DSpace Configuration service error when using &amp;quot;dspace&amp;quot; script. - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-841">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-841</a> ] - [#DS-841] 'IllegalArgumentException: No such column rnum' error in DSpace 1.7.x XMLUI admin eperson (with Oracle backend) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ... then I'm planning to cut on Friday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I added some potential fixes for DS-875</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-875">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-875</a> ] - [#DS-875] DSpace Configuration service error when using &amp;quot;dspace&amp;quot; script. - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Do we need an Oracle-backend tester?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers -- we've been relying a little on hpottinger right now as they are running Oracle + DSpace 1.7 in production</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; who might be here now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; he's here, I'd like someone to test it, since it needs to be committed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I can vouch for DS-841, been running that patch for a while, it's just a rollback of a change from 1.6 to 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-841">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-841</a> ] - [#DS-841] 'IllegalArgumentException: No such column rnum' error in DSpace 1.7.x XMLUI admin eperson (with Oracle backend) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; thanks hpottinger !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, based on hpottinger's 'voucher', do we want to just commit Ds-841?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; does DS-633 come into play at all (from 841's comments)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-633">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-633</a> ] - [#DS-633] NPE when deleting object returned by EPerson.findAll() - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It shouldn't NPE anymore.  At least we will get a more descriptive message.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'll take hpottinger's voucher that Ds-841 is suitable, and I can do the commit.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good -- I'd be OK with PeterDietz going ahead and committing Ds-841, based both on the comments by hpottinger and mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; per Ds-841 I would say +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; now, back to DS-875.  Above, I see KevinVdV said he added some new potential fixes.  Anyone want to volunteer to review &amp; hopefully commit?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-875">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-875</a> ] - [#DS-875] DSpace Configuration service error when using &amp;quot;dspace&amp;quot; script. - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; +1 from 1. It would be nice to confirm that the postgres stuff still works ok after commit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; per Ds-875 I would also say +1 to commiting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; One of the patches involves a commit &amp; a new release for the DSpace services</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; since one of the files to patch is in services, then services will need to be released prior</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; what constitues a new release, KevinVdV ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It looks like it's this patch which needs a new release of Services -- the improvement to its logged error message if configs aren't loaded right: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/attachment/11420/Configuration_service_log_fix.patch">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/attachment/11420/Configuration_service_log_fix.patch</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Well it may be a minor new release but we need to remove the e.printstacktrace so that the error message never appears</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; new release is just whatever shipped in 1.7.1, with this one commit changed, and sub-minor version bumped and released to maven</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the logging error seems samller / unrelated, we can get that into the next release, but leave current release for 1.7.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; samller = smaller</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; OK thanks, just wondering about the scope of the change possibly implied by that term</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Async release in action</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Not making any comment thereon :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we are doing just *one* patch in Ds-875?  (the "dspace_temp_classpath_fix.patch" one?)  Just making sure I understand what we just decided ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the two patches will be commited, but only the changes to dspace script will go into 1.7.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we will save the logging improvement for another services release where there would be greater enhancements provided...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK. So, 1.7.2 will include: dspace_temp_classpath_fix.patch    But, the minor fix to Services will just not be released until 1.8.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm sure there are more areas that logging could be improved in services</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; before release i'll test that the e.printstacktrace doesn't show up in my terminal</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, I think I understand now.  Everyone else OK with this?  Anyone want to volunteer to test &amp; commit Ds-875 fix for 1.7.2?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Feel free to test it, it should work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I just took it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. sounds good then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; anything else to discuss for 1.7.2?  (PeterDietz, I can help with announcement if you wish -- I haven't drafted anything yet though.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Is there a formal list of whats in there so far?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; i.e. JIRA query</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/10464">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/10464</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace: 1.7.2 - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/10464">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/10464</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it's literally just three issues we are fixing -- Ds-841, Ds-871 and Ds-875</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, sounds like no other updates or comments here...so, I suggest we move on to next topic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up is just a note that DSpace GSoC now has a weekly "Project Update" meeting immediately after this one at 21:00UTC.   We'll also try and do some "quick updates" during this normal meeting each week, as a teaser for the larger meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I'd highly encourage everyone to stick around for as much of the DSpace GSoC meeting as you can (or check the IRC logs later on to see what all happened)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any other quick comments anyone wants to add about GSoC right now? (I'd like to save larger updates for 21:00UTC, if possible)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, I'll comment we may want to try to get students giving a least one status update via email prior to the meeting so that we have material to preview for the week...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this was what we did in previous years.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory, that sounds fine to me.  maybe we can chat with all students / mentors about this at today's meeting?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One other Quick Note: because of the OR11 conference, we will have *no* formal IRC meetings on Weds, June 8 -- individuals or groups are welcome to show up and chat though, if you wish (and mentors are obviously encouraged to stay in touch with their students via email or IRC during that week)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  moving on then for now.  I've drafted up an *extremely* rough outline of our all-day face-to-face meeting before OR11.  The rough outline is in today's agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-05-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-05-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2011-05-25 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-05-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-05-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C15567.access.telenet.be) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; A few questions for you all:  (1) I'm debating on having an "afternoon unconference" portion -- essentially a time where we can all discuss whatever topics we feel (as a group) are most pressing.. do people *like* this idea, or would you rather I scheduled things out more heavily?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (2) Just interested in any other feedback you all have -- this is your meeting too (obviously).  I really don't want to be the only one thinking up topics here (and thus far, I have been) :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I like the flexibility, but think we should build a list of possible topics, to allow people to mull over in advance....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (that's all my questions for now -- interested in your thoughts)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I would prefer a schedule. With potentially a big group I worry that the meeting wanders and we miss the opportunity to focus on the important stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think it would be great to do, it would give us a looser structure to discuss the project roadmap / direction</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We do need some definite topics, but also some time into which we can push side issues that come up in other discussion..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, a few mentioned we need "some topics".  Any votes on what the "most important topics" are that we *must* discuss?  I've listed a lot of possible topics which I hope we can get to -- but, I'm curious how others would rank things</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robertqin (~robertqin@bb116-14-175-243.singnet.com.sg) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Maybe I could have each of you send me a list of your "top 5 topics you'd like to discuss"?   That way, I can compile &amp; pull together the "hot topics"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; does that sound reasonable? (realizing we don't have much time today to get deep into this)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; That sounds a good way of effectively voting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; And possibly put those into a Doodle poll or similar, so we gain consensus on what is hot?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I can also see if I can leave aside a "chunk" of time (1-2hrs) where we could even have open discussion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers -- perhaps -- but, I was just thinking that each person could do it free-form.  I'll send everyone (who is signed up to attend) an email and ask for your "top 5" topics -- then I'll just compile them more manually</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: no, I meant put up the assembled list, after everyone has submitted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; The more we can do in the way of preparing an agenda the more productive the meeting will be</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger has to run, bye folks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers -- sure, assuming I can get everyone to respond *quickly* with their submissions, so that we can get a list up on doodle in time for people to vote</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (80cea2c6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.162.198) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: yep, that will be the challenge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint : I agree.  I want most of the meeting to be semi-structured, but was also wanting for some flexibility as needed.  I do plan to be 'strict' on keeping discussion moving along, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I agree that an agenda will help, but I think things will come up for which we can't prepare.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Just a comment, but the best unconferences I've attended were designed onsite in the initial hour by the attendees</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; my schedule for OR week is going to be short. Due to upcoming baby, I don't want to be out of town for an entire week. So, I'll either fly in for the Monday session, or try to come in for DSUG thurs/fri.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so,  you all are expressing the same questions I've been asking myself, to be honest.   Hence, I had debated on having some "open" or "unconference" time (maybe not the whole meeting, but maybe a good portion of it).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood doubts unforeseen stuff would go more than 1-2hr.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It sounds like we have two camps here -- some want more "structure", and some want "open time".  I'll see if I can fit a little of both in (while realizing that I don't want to exhaust everyone by creating a 'jam packed' schedule)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, we would benefit from structuring what we *can* structure.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: nothing wrong with a good compromise :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; those who want more structure can sit in the room while those that do not will reconvene at the bar across the street.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good.  So, I'll send a survey to everyone about your "top 5 topics" (so start thinking about them), then I'll try and schedule some/most of them.  I'll also make sure to leave an "open discussion" period of 1-2hours (or so), which can be used to tackle things that come up, or things we didn't get to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mdiggory: I'm jumping ship !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory : we already are making plans to head to the pub ~4pm or so ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; now thats more like it!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; p.s. Ds-875 Committed/Closed/resolved...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  I'll leave it at that.  Realizing we are now overlapping into "GSoC" time.  So, we probably should close up this Devel meeting and "open" up the GSoC meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.90.184) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I have to go before the storms hit.  'bye.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; have to run, thanks all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; now is not a time to be in the midwest...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-96-237-109-32.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I've got to go too. Bye all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. I'm not sure we really decided who would lead the GSoC meeting.  My general idea here was that it'd be more "free form".  Perhaps, we'd just go around and ask for general updates/questions from each Student Project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (522921b0@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.33.176) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; obviously, since we are barely into GSoC, the updates right now may be minimal.  But, it gives an opportunity to ask questions, or get some feedback on where to begin, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone else have any comments on this?  mdiggory, does this seem like a good way to approach this "GSoC update meeting"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, well maybe we start with an introduction for those who do not recognize the students?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; Hi Mark!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1  let's do some intros... could each of the students introduce themselves &amp; their project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; My name is Robert Qin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We won't have everyone due to time zones</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; a 3rd year information system student from Singapore</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; working on the webmvc project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; its great to be here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Hi robertqin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory : yea, I realize that -- was more stating that for any students who are here :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; I am Vibhaj Rajan from India working on the project DSpace ClientUI built on REST API</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi robertqin! welcome!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; I am doing 3rd year Computer Science and Engineering at IT BHU India</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; thanks Tim !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Hello Robert, hello Vibhaj</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; Hi Robert and Vibhaj</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; Very happy to contribute to DSpace and GSoC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; Same here :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi vibhajrajan!  Also, welcome to you!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; thanks all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So I think that sets the stage for discussing webMVC and REST and some of the topics that came up in the last week?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; go for it, mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Well I think we concluded fromt he dialog that it'd be wise that even though we see alignment in technology, to operate any server side Spring related work independently so as to keep the two projects operating efficiently?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; There appears to be some popular opinion that Spring is the way to go for the final REST implementation, but that some think it will take time to play out, possibly longer than we have for a release schedule?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yea, that's the same understanding I had.  I also wanted to note the concerns that robint (who had to leave already) and I had about changing REST entirely to Spring before DSpace 1.8.  It sounds like bojans also felt that may be too difficult to do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; Yes as I have expressed in email, I am not sure if it can be done completely for the next release, at least based on previous exerience</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I'd agree bojans. It seems like a lot of work -- and we also wouldn't want to accidentally disrupt vibhajrajan's project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; For instance, there are also some issues related to DSpace API which will reflect both implementations, no mater Spring or EB</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs1&gt; Although there are a few tricksy bits in the MVC / Freemarker project to do interesting things with the Freemarker layer, there isn't really any great mystery / magic in the way the MVC is set up - we're just talking about Spring loading some config and a DispatcherServlet to pass off to the Controllers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; For instance, from current perspective it may seem as a something which can be done in relatively short time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; but from the other side it usually takes more</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs1&gt; So REST can edge towards using MVC itself as it sees fit, without really worrying about what MVC / Freemarker is up to. Meshing the two things later shouldn't be that troublesome.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs1 (~Graham@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, so it sounds like we have some general agreement here then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm not particularly convinced it would be a difficult switch, mostly because as bojans suggests, theres already considerable business logic worked out, I wonder mostly about the authorization stack involvement with spring rest, thats about it... but we can look at webmvc and get ideas from there as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs1 (~Graham@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; But I do agree that the  JAvascript UI project should be able to start on the current version and then switch to a new version as it matures, as long as the REST API exposed stays consistent</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm mostly interested in seeing the transition to Spring because of the capability to extend the REST webapp with Maven overlays will be very clean and succinct.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; yes consistent REST interface shall allow easy switch when necessary</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and we can release it without concern for thirdparty jars from non-maven central projects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- I just worry REST be *more likely* to be delayed past 1.8 if we try to switch REST API to Spring immediately.  Unless we have several people dedicated to moving it to Spring, it seems like there's too much chance it wouldn't get done before the first 1.8 release candidate.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; which will allow for shipping it withint he dspace release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so, my response that was coming in the email is... I'm not sure why we aren't letting it play out and instead cautioning not to work on it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- I think we're also going on a slight tangent here.  Although REST API work affects GSoC, none of these GSoC projects have a goal of switching REST API to Spring :)  So, we may want to turn this back around to GSoC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; quite true... and perhaps best for the email thread...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; I would like to know about the javascript framework to be used, considering licensing issues as I had asked on my previous mails</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the point is that for the GSoC projects, you should rely on the existing REST app as your template for the initial featureset of your UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; regardless of the debates that may go on in the community about ultimate implementation of the rest solution.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 all GSoC projects should work with the existing REST app</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; vibhajrajan -- good question.  (i'm going back and checking my email -- I'm forgetting which javascript frameworks had which licenses)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; Ext JS - GPLv3</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So, I will come back the the javascript UI and suggest that I have an interest in seeing how javascript UI's can be applied not just in your project, but in the existing xmlui and webmvc projects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; Dojo MIT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; JxLib MIT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; UIZE BSD</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; MochaUI MIT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.90.184) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I know the MIT &amp; BSD licenses are compatible with DSpace's licenses.  However, I think there are issues (which mdiggory pointed out in email) with GPLv3.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; so i must try out with the frameworks other than Ext JS</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I wasn't convinced it was GPLv3 so much as its interpretation by the company that is making Ext JS opensource.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think it is lame that we have to be cautious of such things.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; there is also possible issue (which has been mentioned during initial proposal phase)  related with further maintenance and future of chosen framework</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; mdiggory -- the restclient is based on another javascript project of mine serviceclient which would allow easy use of javascript developed for restcient in the other webapps</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; because it excludes perfectly good code solutions for being used...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs1&gt; It might be a bit different in the case of a 'javascript UI over REST', but tbh, for making Javascript enhancements to xmlui / jsp / freemarker, I wouldn't really want to look anywhere other than jQuery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; right i would switch to Dojo or JxLib then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bojans: correct, the choice has to do both with OS licensing and with the viability of the third party project going forward.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; yes jQuery would be great given its community support</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Dojo is actually another GSoC org</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; for xmlui, we've invested in consolidating js library usage on JQuery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; jQuery does have a lot of support in the DSpace community</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; i prefered Ext JS and then Dojo due to their look and feel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; the other frameworks are fast though since they are based on mootools</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs2 (~Graham@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I would say that dojo seems more like an OS community whereas ExtJS seems like a proprietary project under a GPL license.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; How does <a href="http://jqueryui.com/">http://jqueryui.com/</a> compare into all of this? Would we want to consider JQueryUI over REST, or is that more difficult than Ext JS or Dojo?  (I'm actually not as knowledgeable in this area, to be honest)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ jQuery UI - Home ] - <a href="http://jqueryui.com/">http://jqueryui.com/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Note, my comments are not specific to liking or knowing Dojo, just observation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; yes that too is an option to investigate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think whatever is chosen should provide for jquery use as well to some degree.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs1 (~Graham@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; i found jQuery providing lesser ui widgets than Ext JS or Dojo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; i am not sure about jquery, is it (alone) enough, there is smaller set of ui elements suported</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://tech.yes-co.nl/2009/08/25/jquery-versus-dojo-versus-yui/">http://tech.yes-co.nl/2009/08/25/jquery-versus-dojo-versus-yui/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ JQuery versus Dojo versus YUI « Tech blog ] - <a href="http://tech.yes-co.nl/2009/08/25/jquery-versus-dojo-versus-yui/">http://tech.yes-co.nl/2009/08/25/jquery-versus-dojo-versus-yui/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; though we do have the option of using client side html templates and css styling to provide good look and feel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://www.jquery4u.com/articles/jquery-dojo/">http://www.jquery4u.com/articles/jquery-dojo/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; this way it would be quite fast</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ jQuery is better than DOJO! (10 Reasons) | jQuery4u ] - <a href="http://www.jquery4u.com/articles/jquery-dojo/">http://www.jquery4u.com/articles/jquery-dojo/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; [vibhajrajan:  using client side html templates and css styling to provide good look and feel ] &lt;--- sounds important</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; about speed: i do not think it would be an issue, usually the pages there are not expected to be rich in elements</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; also for the speed, based on comparison link provided by mdiggory, dojo and jquery are on the same level</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; regarding the template usage this would allow easy customization of look and feel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll admit, it might be good to investigate using jQueryUI, just because DSpace already uses jQuery in other areas... So, it might be a good way to ensure the Javascript UI over REST is more 'immediately' accepted, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; yes and as mentioned Dojo has rather poor documentation too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory cautions speed comparisons will always be biased towards those who made the comparison... ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; for the selection of the template i suppose we want first to identify important points for selection</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; for instance:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; 1) licencing - already discussed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; 2) viability - community support - adoption - maintenance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; 3) ui capability - what it offers us, as we want to have nice l&amp;f</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; 4) speed and documentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 5) ease in supporting developing AJAX</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; 5) extendability, support, debugging</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; these are some of the points</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; maybe we could take 2-3 frameworks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; and based on such selection/rating select one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sure, bojans, that sounds like a good way to analyze, rate and select amongst Javascript UI frameworks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; because for me, the idea behind this project (when i proposed it) is to get user interface which would be apealing and which would introduce not just better look and feel but also usability and other options</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; but of course, there are also other factors which may affect it or be other way overseen by me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this would be a wise task to assure our choice is optimal.  We might also consider creating some sort of poll so that the larger community can provide anonymous ratings as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; i agree that these issues are involved but i was thinking about compiled client side templates ... they are just like freemarker templates but on client side</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; <a href="http://code.google.com/p/embeddedjavascript/wiki/Templates">http://code.google.com/p/embeddedjavascript/wiki/Templates</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Templates - embeddedjavascript - How to use templates with EJS. - EJS Embedded JavaScript Framework - Google Project Hosting ] - <a href="http://code.google.com/p/embeddedjavascript/wiki/Templates">http://code.google.com/p/embeddedjavascript/wiki/Templates</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; such templates are built in within Ext JS and UIZE, for others we may design our own using embedded JS</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; these allow the templates to be renderd on clint with data fetched by JSON from server (in our case REST service)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmm... i actually wasn't familiar with compiled client side templates (Learn something new every day!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It looks like there's also a jQuery option (not sure if it's as good as Ext JS, etc.) : <a href="http://blog.reybango.com/2010/07/09/not-using-jquery-javascript-templates-youre-really-missing-out/">http://blog.reybango.com/2010/07/09/not-using-jquery-javascript-templates-youre-really-missing-out/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; ok that sounds interesant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Not Using jQuery JavaScript Templates? You’re Really Missing Out. - Rey Bango ] - <a href="http://blog.reybango.com/2010/07/09/not-using-jquery-javascript-templates-youre-really-missing-out/">http://blog.reybango.com/2010/07/09/not-using-jquery-javascript-templates-youre-really-missing-out/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; i too learnt them when working in Ext JS recently</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; JQuery analog: <a href="http://api.jquery.com/category/plugins/templates/">http://api.jquery.com/category/plugins/templates/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Templates – jQuery API ] - <a href="http://api.jquery.com/category/plugins/templates/">http://api.jquery.com/category/plugins/templates/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; jQuery's support for templates would be quite good to consider the framework for restclient</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; so i'll consider jQueryUI as primary option and then investigate JxLib and others</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; ok it seems this support is in beta, but for me sounds reasonable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; right then thanks all for the long discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it sounds reasonable to me as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I suspect there'll be other template projects/options in the JQuery sphere</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://wiki.jqueryui.com/w/page/37898666/Template">http://wiki.jqueryui.com/w/page/37898666/Template</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ jQuery UI Development &amp; Planning Wiki / Template ] - <a href="http://wiki.jqueryui.com/w/page/37898666/Template">http://wiki.jqueryui.com/w/page/37898666/Template</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; ok i suppose it is 3 am now there in india :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; right 3:30 am :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ah, the life of A GSoC student ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; i am quite happy to attend this meeting and talking to all there :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; wow.  thanks for joining us at so early (or late) an hour :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; i'll try to every week :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, but we will understand if you miss one :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; thanks ok then bye :) will catch the rest of discussion in logs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; ok good night and bye :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; definitely -- it's not expected that everyone will make this meeting -- but, if you don't, just send us some brief email updates :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hmmm... one last link...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://www.bennadel.com/blog/2026-jQuery-Template-Markup-Langauge-JTML-vs-jQuery-Templates.htm">http://www.bennadel.com/blog/2026-jQuery-Template-Markup-Langauge-JTML-vs-jQuery-Templates.htm</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ jQuery Template Markup Langauge (JTML) vs. jQuery Templates ] - <a href="http://www.bennadel.com/blog/2026-jQuery-Template-Markup-Langauge-JTML-vs-jQuery-Templates.htm">http://www.bennadel.com/blog/2026-jQuery-Template-Markup-Langauge-JTML-vs-jQuery-Templates.htm</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and <a href="http://blog.jquery.com/2010/10/04/new-official-jquery-plugins-provide-templating-data-linking-and-globalization/">http://blog.jquery.com/2010/10/04/new-official-jquery-plugins-provide-templating-data-linking-and-globalization/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ jQuery: » New Official jQuery Plugins Provide Templating, Data Linking and Globalization ] - <a href="http://blog.jquery.com/2010/10/04/new-official-jquery-plugins-provide-templating-data-linking-and-globalization/">http://blog.jquery.com/2010/10/04/new-official-jquery-plugins-provide-templating-data-linking-and-globalization/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vibhajrajan&gt; this is great .. noted that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; a Microsoft contribution to JQuery....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; In March, we announced at MIX 2010 that Microsoft had committed to supporting the jQuery Project via code contributions and resources. Shortly thereafter, Microsoft made available for public review their first jQuery plugin which provided client-side templating capabilities to the jQuery community.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I've got to go, unfortunately.  But, it's been good discussion, and nice to see both vibhajrajan and robertqin here.  (if you all have more to discuss without me, feel free...I just have to leave as there are large thunderstorms now in the area, and I should get offline)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Today, we’re very happy to announce that the following Microsoft-contributed plugins – the jQuery Templates plugin, the jQuery Data Link plugin, and the jQuery Globalization plugin – have been accepted as officially supported plugins of the jQuery project. As supported plugins, the jQuery community can feel confident that the plugins will continue to be enhanced and compatible with future versions of the jQuery and jQuery UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; libraries.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: be safe</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* vibhajrajan (~Unnikanna@14.97.155.107) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robertqin (~robertqin@bb116-14-175-243.singnet.com.sg) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs2 (~Graham@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bojans (~Bojmen@62-47-250-176.adsl.highway.telekom.at) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>