<span class="irc-date">[3:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* alxp (~aoneill@blk-30-155-121.eastlink.ca) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: stuartlewis)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-51-5.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@62.189.56.2) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* alxp (~aoneill@blk-30-155-121.eastlink.ca) Quit (Quit: alxp)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc_ (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc_ is now known as bradmc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-51-5.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp208.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp208.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp208.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp208.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp208.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp208.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp208.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Operation timed out)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (kim@ec2-174-129-179-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Read error: Operation timed out)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (kim@ec2-174-129-179-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Ashan (~Ashan@202.129.235.30) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Ashan (~Ashan@202.129.235.30) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Mayank1 (~beakkon@122.162.139.179) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs_ (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Mayank1 is now known as Mayank</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs_ (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs_ (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs_ (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 272 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mobile (~mobile@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs_ (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ElinS (56097ad4@gateway/web/freenode/ip.86.9.122.212) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hey all -- DSpace Developers mtg starts here in a few minutes.  Today's agenda at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-02-23">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-02-23</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinAtmire (KevinAtmir@94-227-62-14.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinAtmire is now known as Kevin_Van_de_Vel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok all..may as well get started with our meeting today: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-02-23">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-02-23</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Kevin_Van_de_Vel is now known as Kevin_VdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd is on time today, for once</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First off...I hope our friends in New Zealand (stuartlewis &amp; kshepherd) are doing fine after the recent earthquake.  Hopefully your friends/family are all ok.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; thanks tdonohue. it's all a bit horrible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I can tell from all the news...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; still waiting to hear from a few friends but it's most likely that they are just still out of power (most of the city has no power/water)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; (and snail - he's another local)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, yes, and snail as well.  Thanks for the reminder</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (80ce8882@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.136.130) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snail&gt; I'm here, but busy right now updating status of chch public libraries</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yeah, I thought of you all too.  The pictures look scary.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, we probably should go ahead and get started here...I'd like to kick things off with JIRA review as usual.  But, I'd like to do a "quick review" version (which we used to do over a year ago).  Our JIRA backlog is getting a bit large, so we should work to catch up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 60 seconds each?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll do 2 mins per issue this time around...just to get back into it.   Please do a quick analysis, and vote +1 (keep issue, seems important), -1 (close immediately), 0 (unsure)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If you are willing to look into it more, please volunteer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok...we'll get started, as soon as I get the first issue loaded up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-682">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-682</a> :  The Select Collection step performs badly with a large number of collections.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Did you want someone to do the loading, or the counting for each?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis -- i can load up next issue, if you would be willing to count  votes :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; tdonohue: OK.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I have a patch: <a href="https://gist.github.com/830334">https://gist.github.com/830334</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; DS-682 - PeterDietz has definitely been looking into this, though there are no comments from him in JIRA yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; oh, snap :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Excellent...PeterDietz, can we assign to you then?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; still a little work to do, see comment, //check eperson-&gt;comm-admin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1 then :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; yeah sure, tdonohue I'll take it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 -- assign to PeterDietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1 solution in progress</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; If I spent half as much time working on things as I do talking about them, it would be done a month ago ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Any other votes?  If not, +4 and assign to PeterDietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next one -- <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-683">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-683</a> :  Incorporate Security / Quality recommendations from AppScan report</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, wait..is this just a placeholder, PeterDietz?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-683, that is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; just a place holder perhaps.. something more than just an email that we never responded to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; it has links to other issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; which are more specific in terms of changes to be made</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; skipping DS-683 -- one of it's links is resolved, and the other one is the next issue to review :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 684 is presmably a duplicate of the old 'what to do with bad browse requests' issue?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-685">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-685</a> : Remove sensitive information from HTML comments</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Ah - already closed as a dupe :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; and DS-640 is assigned to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; which i will fix for 1.7.1, with the caveat that cocoon still doesn't do 404s properly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-96-237-109-32.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; DS-685:  +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-685: +1 to fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; +1 to DS-685 -- but again note that people may still be able to expose this via /DRI/... or ?XML</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (agree with kshepherd -- this is useful in XMLUI development -- so, there needs to be a way to enable it again as needed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Any other votes?  If not, +4, no assignee</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-690">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-690</a> : Tidy up URL mapping for DisplayStatisticsServlet (JSPUI servlet that handles solr statistics)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; in early xmlui days, the /metadata/handle/*/*/mets.xml files were restricted to localhost</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; that was removed for opensearch or openurl or opensomething</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; DS-690 is mine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to DS-690</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; would appreciate any pointers or criticisms in comment thread</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; because it's not as straightforward as it first appeared</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i think i have to use HandleServlet, which i was initially trying to avoid</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aha -- i see.  Yea, this is harder in JSPUI...a lot of old JSPUI URLs end up with ?querystring, because of this same issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; it would be nice to rename the varying version of statistics... legacy vs solr vs minho</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm going to change my vote on DS-690 to a '0'.  I'm not sure this is really an important issue?  There's not a real parity between other JSPUI/XMLUI URL paths...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 0 for me too - but I don't see harm in fixing it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5229fe8f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.143) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ok, i'll prioritise lower than my other issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Any other votes?  If not, +1 / 3x0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-692">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-692</a> : Clean up invalid HTML in collection and community metadata</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Could this be implemented as a curation task?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; So this is a migration tool?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to stuartlewis's question.  Seems like a potential curation task?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; this is a 1.6-era thing, so a likely candidate for implementation as curation task</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; yeah, this was essentially a one-time thing. convert &lt;br&gt; to &lt;br/&gt; and such</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And people will continue to put invalid HTML in, so it's not really migration-only.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; OK, then if the latter, I agree it looks curation task-like..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 if this is made into a curation task</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; +1 to curation task with reporting/noop and 'fix' options</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; adding some client-side input validation on edit item/collection/community would help stop users from doing bad things</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm fine with curation-task-ifying it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Any other votes?  If not, +4, keep assigned to PeterDietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-700">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-700</a> : Bulk Metadata Editing: defining "formats" for export/re-import of selected fields</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-700: 0 -- not sure I fully understand at a glance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 0 what he said.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; stuartlewis has done a bit of this sorta stuff already</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; unless i read it wrong</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, is this "obsolete"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yes - I'm probably going to look into this in the next few months.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; no, not obselete</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Allows you define profiles for the CSV downloads to suit different purposes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; first, i requested the ability to only export certain fields. then, it became clear that we needed different 'profiles' to select an export from</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1, assign to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; and Christophe's 'template csv' idea seems good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; btw stuartlewis : if you haven't looked at Google Refine as an editor for the CSV data, do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok...makes sense then. assign to stuartlewis</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.30.208) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yes - had a good play with that when it was called GridWorks - love it! :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yes, refine++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Any other votes?  If not, +2, assign to stuartlewis</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; hi all, sorry to jump in half-way.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll stop there for today.  Thanks all!  we made it through 6 JIRA issues today (last few weeks it's only been around 2-3)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mobile (~mobile@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: Colloquy for iPhone - <a href="http://colloquy.mobi)">http://colloquy.mobi)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, I'd like to continue in the coming weeks with this "quick review" format... I really want to get us caught up on our backlog of issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Though I would like to talk and talk about some of them, I think this way is better.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I agree mhwood.  And we can always schedule some for 'deeper discussion', if we deem necessary</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; can always use JIRA comments for longer discussion ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  I'd like to now spend some time (5-10 minutes) discussing the next JIRA Feature Request review from the DCAT Team.  This one is for: DS-638</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Heres' the DCAT discussion: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=23268540">https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=23268540</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Well I'd first note that virus checking is in 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yes, virus checking is a curation task</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I believe Elin Stangeland is also in here, if we have questions/comments to add to DCAT's review)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Something like that sounds good.  We've had a number of bitstreams that were submitted as e.g. PDF which were not actually PDF.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ElinS&gt; Hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (though not tested/used by me yet)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers, yes, thanks for noting that!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; and there is also a Profile Bitstream Formats curation task</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; So we should close that ticket, and open a new one with remaining delvierables...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snail&gt; I'd like to point out that anti-virus is an arms-race that we can facilitate but I'd hate to see us directly engaged in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ElinS&gt; I think it would be worth clarifying that if this is already covered by the curation framework then that is fine...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Well, 1/2 of it is covered by Curation tasks (virus scanning).  But, the JHOVE part is not yet in DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ElinS&gt; I also wondered why virus and Jhove was combined</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Can the curation tasks be invoked as part of the file upload process ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, we pushed AV off to an external scanner, right?  So it's not *our* arms race.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; robint: Yes - good point - best if it can be checked for viruses before it enters the archive.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Correct - we hope to have DROID format ID ready for 1.7.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ElinS&gt; Btw, I think robint's comments from the wiki discussion makes sense</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; snail: it would be trivial to plug something other than clamav into the virus scanning curation task</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@207.138.47.158) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; robint: you could, but I'm not convinced that's optimal....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snail&gt; yes, upload first makes a lot of sense, since then we can introspect for metadata too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers:  why would it be "not optimal" (just curious)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; several reasons:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; first, we take in content that should be checked from 5 or 6 ingest paths (SUbmission, batch, SWORD), et</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; So we either wire virus checking into each path, or put it where all ingest can be checked</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'm coming at this from an angle. My interest is populating metadata from the file contents, but it makes sense to validate the file first.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Would it be reasonable to only invoke the file checking for file types from which metadata could be extracted ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; So you want to programmatically open the file and extract metadata to put it submission forms?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; OK - then you can use the curation API, and call virus checking like that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Notably Word docs created with the Author plugin contain a file of DC metadata</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue is worried we're slightly branching off here... DS-638 is just about Virus Scan / Format identification :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snail&gt; checking is going to be done at every stage in the workflow right? virus signature are going to be updated asynchronously and we need to check before exposing a workflow user to a potentially infected file</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ElinS&gt; Would it be possible to create an overview ticket for the curation framework with links to sub-issues? That will make it easier to get an overview of what is going on, and may facilitate further discussion?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; snail: checking can be done wherever you want in workflow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: You are right. But if I would happily address the requirements of DS-638 along with my own work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Pre-filling needs to be optional.  Otherwise, if you have contributors who always fill documents with *incorrect* metadata, you have to clean that out and then redo it all correctly.  Yuck.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint -- yea, I understand -- it's interesting work, I just don't see why it relates directly to DS-638 (other than that you may want to kick off metadata extraction at the same point during Submission UI).  Maybe I'm confused though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So -- it sounds like we have two things here.  (1) Both of these tasks, Virus Scan &amp; File Format Verification are currently implemented or being implemented for Curation Admin UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ElinS&gt; Is there an issue for file format verification?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (2)  The question remains whether it's logical to also kick these tasks off "automatically" during the normal Submission UI process</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: You understand correctly. Just I would be happy to sweep up DS-638 with my work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: not just Admin UI, in workflow, command-line, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: ok -- I understand it now! I'd also be glad for you to "sweep it up" if you are willing :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd thinks curation might need some more PR! ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs_&gt; mhwood: Metadata extraction should be a non-ui (or maybe with a UI, if you want to be able to select metadata from multiple files uploaded) step, then you just configure the submission steps as upload -&gt; extract -&gt; metadata</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; You open the file already for AV, and for format detection, so it might make sense to do metadata extraction there too.  But these are separate issues and can proceed separately.  It just wants a stack of plugins to be notified when a file is to be considered.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers.  Sorry, I misspoke :)  Is it actually in the Workflow UI though?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: not sure what you mean by the workflow UI, but it will send notifications to workflow participants - it is a 'background' automated process</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; that is part of workflow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; take a look at [dspace]/config/workflow-curation.xml to see how it ties in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers -- ok.  I understand.  By Workflow UI I meant is it somehow notifying people of issues ("e.g. Virus Found!") when someone is accessing the Workflow Step from the UI.   I didn't realize it was tied in there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (a@195.113.97.174) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: yes, it will report on either all activity, on only when virus found (your choice)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. we should move on now.  It sounds like we've gotten somewhere here.  It's just a question of whether we want to also integrate these curation tasks into the normal Submission UI process (especially the upload step), to give immediate feedback to submitter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ElinS&gt; In that case I'll move on to the next issue on the DCAT list, great to see this move forward!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I would be happy tp pursue this with the DCAT group. But no action  without further consultation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ElinS&gt; robint: do you want me to help out with that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; ElinS: Cheers, I'll email tomorrow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint -- thanks for volunteering to dig in some more</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ElinS&gt; Sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, next agenda topic.  Revisiting 1.7.1.  We now have a few more "annoying" issues (esp. around SWORD submissions) we may want to fix.  For a small list see the agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-02-23">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-02-23</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I wanted to bring this up again to see if we now feel it's "time" to schedule a 1.7.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ok, so DS-785 is basically fixed by us internally</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i just need to sort out the slf4j version mismatch, which means re-releasing dspace-solr maven artifact</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd will make sure to update JIRA today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm personally starting to think we need a 1.7.1 to resolve these issues for everyone...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, I'd like to hear from everyone else.  should we  "set a date" to ensure we have a deadline in front of us for 1.7.1?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Do we have a handle on the other show-stoppers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-821 was caused by me (it's related to refactoring work for the new AIP Backup &amp; Restore).  So, I could probably tackle it anytime -- just need to set myself a deadline :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-675 is still "up in the air" -- needs someone to investigate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah i dont think anybody has gotten any further on DS-675</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Even without a fix for DS-675, I still think a 1.7.1 would be worthwhile in the near future.  Combined, both DS-821 and DS-785 make using SWORD a bit "annoying" / problematic in 1.7.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* PeterDietz (sorry was distracted)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep, agreed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Kevin_VdV&gt; We might also wanna fix DS-823 which was created today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; those two are the critical bugs so far</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I would say that I would be interested in scheduling a 1.7.1 soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Kevin_VdV -- thanks for pointing out DS-823.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hmm, DS-823 seems like a showstopper for Oracle users, +1 to schedule it for 1.7.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1 to start schedule planning</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Kevin_VdV&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone use Oracle, and want to start to investigate DS-823?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to do schedule planning as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we use Oracle here in Missouri, and testing 1.7.0 is near the top of my list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, now that we are on the same page around 1.7.1.  Should we set a tentative or "formal" date?  Say, in a month? (e.g. March 18? or March 25?) to give us time to get in more of these fixes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; sounds good to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; seems reasonable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; same here, do we make a 1.7.1.rc1?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i don't think we bother with RCs for minor releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; just test thoroughly, release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; RC1 is not absolutely required (though if we felt a need we can do one).  There usually is not a formal test-a-thon for bug-fix-only releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ok, that sounds preferable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Why does RC imply a testathon?  It's a chance for bug reporters to try out the fixes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- you still good with coordinating the 1.7.1 release and cutting it?  If so, do you have a preference on a date?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; st patricks day is day before the 18th, that should hopefully imply good luck?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- didn't mean to imply that.  Those statements were both standalone.  I was just noting that we don't always do an RC1, and that we never do a formal test-a-thon for bug fix releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can't think of a better reason to pick one week over the other.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd is semi-here from now on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Now that I gave you the choice, I wonder if we should do the 25th :)  Just gives us a bit more time to fix up code and ensure we get our Docs updated as needed, as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; yeah, I can still follow up on all the tagged issues, I'll still try to wiggle as much as possible to not be the one that officially type the release command</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- you should try to get over your fear of a Maven release (it's really not bad, now that it's *fixed*) :)  Perhaps a minor release such as this one can be a help (in that it's not a big deal if it goes out slightly late, etc.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I guess it's up to the Release Coordinator to decide when it's ready, though I'm sure constructive input would be appreciated.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Go to go. Cheers all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (5229fe8f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.143) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ok, maybe we'll shoot for the later date (25th), just to have more testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  Sounds like we have a 1.7.1 tentative date of March 25.  So, plan your 1.7.1 bug-fixes appropriately!  That means we probably should try to ensure most everything gets into 1.7.x branch by March 18 at the latest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; sounds fair</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Final thing for today.  I'm out-of-the-office next week.  Any volunteers to lead the meeting?  Possible topics include: More JIRA quick reviews, updates on 1.7.1, other discussions that you see fit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; We'd like to discuss (a topic for next week?) how to structure / distribute custom curation tasks.  We've been working on a lot here, some of which are generic and extensible, such as a http link checker for links in the metadata.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I was just thinking a discussion on curation task would be good. so that sounds like a winner</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds like a worthwhile topic to me.  Does one of you want to lead a discussion on that next week?  (I'll obviously catch up via the IRC logs later on)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, an area I need to study anyway.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yeah - that sounds fine. Happy to lead.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'll be around to take the heat on design issues....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds good.  So, next week's discussion concentrates on Curation Tasks, led by stuartlewis</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, that's it for today.  Meeting is closed, but as always I'll be around for a while if anything comes up...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; thanks all, bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-96-237-109-32.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; cheers all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.30.208) Quit (Quit: sandsfish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* alxp (~aoneill@blk-30-155-121.eastlink.ca) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Kevin_VdV&gt; Bye all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Kevin_VdV (KevinAtmir@94-227-62-14.access.telenet.be) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs_ (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* helix84 (a@195.113.97.174) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* snail (~stuart@130.195.179.88) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ianthe (~ianthe@cowu.be) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@207.138.47.158) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@62.189.56.2) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* krnl_ (Andrius@193.219.34.106) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (80ce8882@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.136.130) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ElinS (56097ad4@gateway/web/freenode/ip.86.9.122.212) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-51-5.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Mayank (~beakkon@122.162.139.179) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (kim@ec2-174-129-179-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* alxp (~aoneill@blk-30-155-121.eastlink.ca) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* alxp (~aoneill@blk-30-155-121.eastlink.ca) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Disconnected.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-zelazny.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-zelazny.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-zelazny.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-zelazny.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Disconnected.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:39]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:39]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:39]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:39]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
