<span class="irc-date">[0:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* snail (~yeatesst@130.195.179.88) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* snail (~yeatesst@130.195.179.88) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-66-159.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-66-159.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Disconnected.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-lindbohm.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-lindbohm.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-lindbohm.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-lindbohm.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-66-159.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 258 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-66-159.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* gsoc_ajhall (~darkmatte@acad53201.wireless.uic.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* gsoc_ajhall (~darkmatte@acad53201.wireless.uic.edu) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* gsoc_ajhall (~darkmatte@acad53201.wireless.uic.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mmlevitt (~quassel@96-41-77-28.dhcp.mtpk.ca.charter.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* gsoc_ajhall (~darkmatte@acad53201.wireless.uic.edu) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C15567.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bojans (~Bojmen@91-118-57-42.dynamic.adsl-line.inode.at) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C15567.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C15567.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (50c01881@gateway/web/freenode/ip.80.192.24.129) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Reminder, in about 10 mins we'll start our DSpace Developers Mtg here.  Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-04-06">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-04-06</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2011-04-06 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-04-06">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-04-06</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (80ce5cde@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.92.222) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@18.111.18.64) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@lawn-128-61-21-23.lawn.gatech.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all. Welcome. Time for our weekly DSpace Developers Mtg.   Here's our agenda for today: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-04-06">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-04-06</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2011-04-06 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-04-06">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-04-06</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll kick things off with some more JIRA Quick Reviews.  Here's the list of issues left to review: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-765+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-765+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-765">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-765</a> ] - [#DS-765] OAI-PMH error in ListIdentifiers - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-765+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-765+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First up, is issue DS-765</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-765">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-765</a> ] - [#DS-765] OAI-PMH error in ListIdentifiers - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (NOTE -- there's quite a few in a row here that are all OAI-PMH related, reported by Claudia.  It started with Ds-764 from last week, and concludes with Ds-767)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@sul272peter.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any comments, thoughts on Ds-765?  Do we have any OAI-PMH experts (or volunteers) who'd want to look into all these issues reported by Claudia?  They all seem semi-related.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds like a problem.  Do we have a precise definition of "non-disseminable" in this context?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I guess the underlying question is how does dissemination map to OAI visibility?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; morning all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think the "non-disseminable" in Ds-765 is the same as described in DS-764</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (DST is over.. gotta get up early again! :))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-764">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-764</a> ] - [#DS-764] OAI-PMH ListRecords false no result answer and missing resumptionToken - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good, I could use another morning.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; aschweer has been doing some good work in reproducing and tracking down these problems, i think</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; probably a bit too early for her to be in the office though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd -- yea, I noticed andrea took on Ds-764.  There's a series of OAI problems, it looks like.  Currently looking at DS-765</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-765">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-765</a> ] - [#DS-765] OAI-PMH error in ListIdentifiers - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (any idea if this is another that andrea is looking at, or interested in looking at?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; it is, yeah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, will assume Ds-765 is being investigated by aschweer.  Someone should follow up with her to be certain.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next one then: DS-766 (another OAI-PMH one)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-766">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-766</a> ] - [#DS-766] OAI-PMH non-persistent oai identifiers - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: i should be able to catch up with her today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hmm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; not so sure about 766</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; it's true that "persistence" as a term is overused somewhat</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; the same could be said of canonical handle urls, bitstream urls, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; To me, it seems like with Ds-766 should point at Handles (if a handle server is installed), otherwise should point at 'dspace.hostname'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; indeed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; relative to the harvester, the host is important as source info</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that's true.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@lawn-128-61-21-23.lawn.gatech.edu) Quit (Quit: keithgilbertson)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, do we have recommendations here?  Is this a "won't fix"? Or a "needs more analysis"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: the latter, I'd say</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep +1 needs more analysis</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Agree, it sounds like something to look into.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* JRhoads (~jrhoads@160.10.15.22) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'd be curious how, e.g. Fedora repos do it....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; and if we all chip in with our opinions in the comments, that won't hurt either :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. Ds-766 summary:  Needs more analysis, suggestions of a better way to do this.  Also needs a volunteer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (yes -- please add comments to this, and other issues.  We shouldn't limit our comments just to these meetings)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@lawn-128-61-21-23.lawn.gatech.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up: DS-767 (yet another OAI-PMH one)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-767">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-767</a> ] - [#DS-767] OAI-PMH verb ListIdentifiers deleted status in header - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; richardrodgers: good idea, i can test that today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; cool, kshepherd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Seems like a reasonable request.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ds-767 sounds relatively minor, but is more of a consistency issue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any volunteers or more thoughts on Ds-767?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@lawn-128-61-21-23.lawn.gatech.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@143.215.141.78) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep +1 to this idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mmlevitt (~quassel@96-41-77-28.dhcp.mtpk.ca.charter.com) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hearing none.  Ds-767 summary:  Seems reasonable, needs volunteer (sounds relatively minor to fix)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i can take a look, although i wouldn't be surprised if aschweer jumps in while she's on an OAI roll :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; so i'll volunteer for now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up, is our much beloved DS-768.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-768">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-768</a> ] - [#DS-768] All XMLUI Error Pages respond with 200 OK, instead of 404 Not Found - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  Ds-767 - assign to kshepherd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; agreed, sounds like nice to have if not too expensive</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; anyone do further research/investigation into Ds-768?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory asked a cocoon guy about the revision the patch was committed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; so we could try and track it down</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i checked out the cocoon 2.2 source to try and track it down via commit comments, but had no luck</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to tracking down this cocoon patch, if we can.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; there's a reply in COCOON-2218 to mark's questoin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; "Mark, I'm not entirely sure, but looking at the history I think it could've been revision 685544. Can't easily test this at the moment though..."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; so that gives us a possible lead</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'll add to our comments</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good.  volunteers to test this lead out? (or is mdiggory planning on doing so?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; well i know mdiggory and i have it on our radars</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue remembers mdiggory is out this week.  so, he actually isn't here today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; not sure if it needs assigning until we're closer to a fix..?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.  Ds-768: kshepherd will add updates.  He and mdiggory have this on their radars.  One or both will bring it back to our attention as help is necessary, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll stop there for today, as we are over 20 minutes in. :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up, is some GSoC Updates.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We've had some decent interest so far...not as many applications as last year (yet), but we still have a few more days left (deadline is Fri, April 8)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ooh yes, i see a few more there now :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson_ (~keithgilb@lawn-128-61-21-23.lawn.gatech.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 14 applications total (10 Dspace, 2 Fedora &amp; 2 DuraCloud)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; repeat offenders?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; a few of those 14 are not really applications though (they are essentially spam/throwaway)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* keithgilbertson_ (~keithgilb@lawn-128-61-21-23.lawn.gatech.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@143.215.141.78) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@143.215.141.78) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; good to see the other duraspace projects getting interest too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; From last year we have one potential repeat student -- Yigang Zhou.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep -- Fedora &amp; Duracloud are definitely excited about that.  Even though they have less applications in, both of them have a least one that looks pretty solid</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; how are we on the other side - mentor supply?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If anyone is interested in Mentoring or helping vote on these applications, please request "mentorship" privileges from our GSoC site: <a href="http://www.google-melange.com/gsoc/org/google/gsoc2011/duraspace">http://www.google-melange.com/gsoc/org/google/gsoc2011/duraspace</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DuraSpace - Homepage ] - <a href="http://www.google-melange.com/gsoc/org/google/gsoc2011/duraspace">http://www.google-melange.com/gsoc/org/google/gsoc2011/duraspace</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Well, we have a decent number of mentors right now.  But, we could always use more.  :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; good to hear</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; if the proposal i'm interested in goes ahead, i'd love a co-mentor</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I personally, like the idea of co-mentorship, if we can find enough mentors.  Just cause that provides the student with even more feedback.  But, obviously, people will still be welcome to mentor on their own as they see fit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I think that's all the real updates I had for GSoC.  Any questions right now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, once the student application process ends on Friday, we'll have 2 weeks, until April 22, to rank &amp; decide on which projects we want to accept.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Just to be clear, if you want to help us make that decision, I'd suggest signing up for mentor privileges: <a href="http://www.google-melange.com/gsoc/org/google/gsoc2011/duraspace">http://www.google-melange.com/gsoc/org/google/gsoc2011/duraspace</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DuraSpace - Homepage ] - <a href="http://www.google-melange.com/gsoc/org/google/gsoc2011/duraspace">http://www.google-melange.com/gsoc/org/google/gsoc2011/duraspace</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; any we aren't guaranteed all the slots we ask for, right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; any -&gt; and</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; correct, we are not *guaranteed* slots, but they seem more lenient on that this year.  So, we haven't had to even finalize our request for slots yet.  (I think we have until April 22 to even request that).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; no, but just going by gut, i suspect we won't end up in that position</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; given the number of applications</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; given the number of applications, we are on the "low end" this year.  Most years, we have ~20-30 applications just for Dspace projects.  This year, we only have 14 total, so far</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; FYI as well -- decision making on projects will be slightly different this year, as we want to ensure Fedora &amp; DuraCloud also get projects if they want them.  So, "highest vote" won't necessarily win ;)  We may have to 'bargain' with Fedora/DuraCloud team (esp. for students who put in multiple apps)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; ahh, so we can internally allocate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; that sounds fair</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (i.e. some students have put in applications for *both* DSpace and Fedora -- obviously only one of the projects will end up being accepted)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yep - we should definitely distribute the fun</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.  I think that's it for GSoC updates for today.  Next week we can start the review process and begin to figure out which students we'd really like to work with!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue For any students listening in now: Thanks for your GSoC application!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  next topic:   "Commitment" on DSpace Services.    I put "commitment" in quotes here, because I would like to also discuss whether we all feel we need to *vote*, or if we'd like richardrodgers email suggestion (from an hour ago)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I personally can see both sides here...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In some ways, a "vote" will make sure we are all "on the same page" and not doing potentially duplicative efforts (or accidentally "ignoring" ongoing efforts to change things over to Services Model)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In other ways, I understand richardrodgers point that "what wins" will inevitably just "bubble up" as we naturally accept/reject it over time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thoughts on this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I just worry about 'unfunded mandates'. For example, as long as I remember we voted on how important unit tests were. But until Pere did them,  the sentiment didn't matter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; In the Services case, @mire seems to be doing them while we watch.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes that mdiggory is not here to argue for the benefits of Services and the work that he is doing around Services, but I still want to discuss this today, even if there's no "final" decision.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@143.215.141.78) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; but mhwood I know Mark has invited participation...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Mark D, I mean</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers -- although I agree to a point, I'd also point out that in a way, the idea of Services Model is more of an architectural change -- which obviously requires more approval/support than things like unit tests.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'd like to note that my silence on services doesn't mean i'm against them, just that i'm still learning/practicing before i jump in the deep end and get told off for doing it wrong</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'm for services in principle (viewed in isolation from the async/out-of-trunk arguments)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, we have some saying let's see how it works out, and others telling people that Services is The Way.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd -- duly noted :)   Do others feel the same way? Is this still a "learning issue"?   Are there folks who are just being silent cause they don't quite fully understand it, etc.?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue:yep</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (note: I will pass no judgment here -- just trying to get my mind around the issues at hand)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I've been silent on services too, for similar reasons as kshepherd. As in, I don't plan on doing something backwards, but if its not present as to how best to do something...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/The+TAO+of+DSpace+Services">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/The+TAO+of+DSpace+Services</a> is a good read</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ The TAO of DSpace Services - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/The+TAO+of+DSpace+Services">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/The+TAO+of+DSpace+Services</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to reading The Tao of DSpace Services -- it at least allows you to better "get your mind" around a potential way that Services could be used</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; +1 kshepherd - whilst I have reservations on the 'internalising' of Spring, the use of Spring to deliver services is sound.... as long as it kept separate from the discussion about async releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;JRhoads&gt; Yeah.  I'm still trying to wrap my brain around it a bit.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I note grahamtriggs concerns but thought mhwood asked a good question as to whether he would consider them to be showstoppers ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've crawled over the code to document it and wasn't strongly affected either way.  It seems sound in principle, could perhaps use some rework of specifics, but I don't feel a burning need to switch.  I just wish there wasn't this sharp disconnect on whether we are going to do this or not.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 grahamtriggs on the separation of services from async releases (and I know I probably didn't help in that latest email thread -- but, the two issues are unrelated, in reality)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: that was my fault really, I bundled them all up in the email thread</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Personally, I feel that Services is a good concept.  So, as the "Tech Lead" (whatever that really means :)  I'd recommend that we look into ways to commit to Services (or tweak it, if there are implementation details we aren't happy with).  But, as I'm only one developer, I cannot really make this decision alone :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, while I'd *recommend* a commitment to Services, I think in the end, richardrodgers is right to a point:  It only is truly "accepted" once it wins out amongst the majority of us.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is there something else we can do  to help this learning process?  More examples of Services?  Just start to refactor older "managers" into Services (like configs and plugins), so that it becomes more understandable &amp; there's more code to draw from?  Other ideas?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Actually I noticed a good reason to have a replaceable Configuration service just today:  I want something more expressive than Properties.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 mhwood -- yea, that would be a potential benefit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mhwood++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; grahamtriggs:  anything more to say on how or where you think we ought to use Spring?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;JRhoads&gt; tdonohue: I think my largest issue getting a firm hand on services is trying to separate the Services idea from the Domain Model Discussion, and also from the Async Release discussion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think that Services sits under those.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; JRhoads -- they do tend to get "muddled" at times.  But, in reality, they are all separate proposals/concepts.  E.g. If we really wanted to we could implement Services without Async or suggested Domain Model changes, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; not that I haven't said already - just that Spring should be on the outside, as part of the application bootstrap, not buried inside a service manager. It's more flexible, and reduces the amount of code we have to maintain</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs: do you have some examples of that written up somewhere? for instance, examples of where you see things could be simplified, etc.?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Spring should instantiate the kernel instead of the other way around?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; imho, the kernel should disappear. It's a flawed and unnecessary implementation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs -- I'd be interested to see a counter proposal of your implementation ideas (as I think it'd make for good discussion, and maybe even help us all learn).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs -- any way to convince you to write up your ideas in more details on either wiki or dspace-devel?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue is willing to bribe grahamtriggs with a beer at OR11, if it helps ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I will admit feeling more than once that the kernel is one of those classes I only need because it gives me access to another class that will give me access to the class thatI actually wanted.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'll do the next round  :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I'm not sure there is anything to write up that would make things any clearer - it probably needs a working example to be created. (the whole point is that this should be so bloody simple that it is virtually non-existant)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; right, grahamtriggs.  I guess, by "writeup", I meant some sort of code example with explanation.  Whether or not it actually needs to be fully "working", I wasn't sure.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Let me see:  kernel disappears.  ServiceManager reduced to handing out references to core services wired in by Spring and others which declare interest in providing service later -- it 's just a holder for a list.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; It's not so much the convincing, as inventing a whole new time continuum that's needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmm... I didn't quite understand it as a "whole new time continuum".  Rather just a slightly different implementation idea, which I thought (though maybe I'm wrong) could be semi-represented through some sort of pseudo-code examples, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Sorry, but I have to run for now. Thanks all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue realizes we're already running over time here...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cheers richardrodgers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@18.111.18.64) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;JRhoads&gt; I have to run as well.  Thank you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mhwood: ServiceManager is a 'BeanFactoryAware' pojo, that initialises a static reference to the factory on creation, that can subsequently be use to hand out services via static methods (to legacy code)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cheers JRhoads as well ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* JRhoads (~jrhoads@160.10.15.22) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It sounds like, we're still at a bit of a slight impasse. Perhaps, we keep moving forward with Services as a general concept, and just see how it starts to play out, and implement where we can find areas that it can add immediate benefits (like potentially configuration benefits pointed out by mhwood)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; though, I'd still like to try and extract out grahamtriggs ideas a bit more, mix them around, and decide if there's more "refactoring" necessary of Services as they exist now..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ultimately I just want to know what I'm expected to use, if I write something new.  We have two answers right now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; To answer that: Currently, there are no services for most things, so obviously you *cannot* use services, unless you create them.  However, if you find an area where Services may help/provide benefit, I'd highly encourage implementing one if your time allows.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i.e. a recommendation towards Services, while at the same time pointing out that "if they don't yet exist", you are welcome to continue with the current ways of doing things.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; The place where I know some services are used (so you can at least look for an example) is in Discovery if you want to see what they can do for you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I was thinking more of the core services.  We have two sources of configuration.  What do we tell people about that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I should have said "providers", not "sources".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- I think that's one of those "gray" areas.  Currently, "configuration" is duplicated.  Though, I think obviously it shouldn't be.  I'd recommend moving towards the Service implementation in that case, but again -- it's currently still a recommendation &amp; not a requirement.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think it would *become* a requirement, once the Configuration Service is more widely integrated into the core API (dspace-api).  At which point, the old ConfigurationManager likely has to become obsolete.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I guess we're not ready to commit "yes" or "no".  What needs to happen before we can commit?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; KevinVdV: would it be something like: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-provider/src/main/resources/spring/spring-dspace-addon-discovery-services.xml">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-provider/src/main/resources/spring/spring-dspace-addon-discovery-services.xml</a> and <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/aspect/discovery/SiteRecentSubmissions.java#L112">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/aspect/discovery/SiteRecentSubmissions.java#L112</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-provider/src/main/resources/spring/spring-dspace-addon-discovery-services.xml at master from DSpace/DSpace - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-provider/src/main/resources/spring/spring-dspace-addon-discovery-services.xml">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-provider/src/main/resources/spring/spring-dspace-addon-discovery-services.xml</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/aspect/discovery/SiteRecentSubmissions.java at master from DSpace/DSpace - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/aspect/discovery/SiteRecentSubmissions.java#L112">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/aspect/discovery/SiteRecentSubmissions.java#L112</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Yep that is it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: code/patch, probably.  We don't have code to review to say "yes", this new implementation of dspace-api with ConfigurationService is better than using the old ConfigurationManager.  Therefore, we vote to release this newly refactored dspace-api in 1.8 (or whatever version) and retire ConfigurationManager</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that's just my opinion, mhwood.  It sounds like most people are uncomfortable with voting right now, as there's not enough code examples / understanding.  Therefore, it probably wouldn't do much good to vote today, until we have code/examples to formally approve</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Agreed, there is no consensus.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I was hoping to do *something* to break the loop.  We talk about Services and then nothing happens.  Lather, rinse, repeat.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well -- one way to break the cycle is to write more code.  Build something in Services, and post as an example for people to learn from / comment on / etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: +1. Tkes us back to richards point</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think the more individual developers start to "accept" services, the more likely we'll all start to accept it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tkes/takes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep.  exactly.  it's basically richardrodgers point, just worded a bit differently :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Do we have consensus that this is something we should try?  That the problems we see are fixable in a reasonable amount of time?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Got to rush. Don't know about others but the discussion(s) do help me get there. Cheers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (50c01881@gateway/web/freenode/ip.80.192.24.129) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mhwood: don't wait for consensus, just do it ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd say +1 to more code in Services.  Especially more Configuration in Services.  But, I also agree with kshepherd.  We need people to just do it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; im not stalling on trying because i'm not convinced it's a good idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd encourage us *all* to just start trying out Services.  Try to break the cycle</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'm stalling on trying because i suspect i'm too stupid to do it properly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we really should wrap up here.  but, this discussion has been very good (yes, I know it's still just "discussion", but at least we seem to have a general consensus that "more code" may be a way forward)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I promised some time ago to use Services when I had an opportunity, and I will.  I'm a bit concerned about the disconnect over whether the switch to Services is a done deal.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Say for instance, I really hated solr, and thought that DSpace should not use it, then services allows me to find an alternative (perhaps elastic search), then I can go ahead and implement a whole bunch of POJO's to get the job done, and to turn on my fixed solution, I edit how things are wired up in something like spring-dspace-discovery-services.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- I'd say it's basically a "done deal" as Services is already in 1.6 and 1.7 (and even more so in things like Discovery).  So, it's at least much further along towards acceptance than anything else may be</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I suppose the question is why we need Services framework at all, if we have Spring anyway.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Well correct me if I'm wrong but doesn't this make it easier so that not everybody would have to write their own spring code to read in their spring files ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bojans (~Bojmen@91-118-57-42.dynamic.adsl-line.inode.at) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; so for me its not so much voting, but wanting to improve something so much, that it makes sense to wire in a better solution than to try to nurse along the existing. or in the case of configuring things. one could configure to use s3 instead of file-system assetstore (perhaps that one misses the point)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; ???  Spring reads Spring files.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- I think that's a fine question to ask (Services vs. straight Spring).  But, we probably need more examples of pros/cons of each (which I'd encourage us to analyze).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (if mdiggory was here today, he may have more to say in that comparison..)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; maybe ask that specific question on dspace-devel?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, I need to go write something.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; KevinVdV: Nobody has to write their own Spring code to read Spring files. You write Spring files, gather them all up and pass them to a Spring factory. Here, it's just a context-param, and a Spring context listener: <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/webmvc/trunk/freemarkerui-webapp/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/web.xml">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/webmvc/trunk/freemarkerui-webapp/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/web.xml</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue mentions, if you need to head out, feel free. I know this meeting is way over time, but don't really want to interrupt this discussion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; _Spring in Action_, 2/3, pp. 494-5</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 2/e</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) Quit (Quit: keithgilbertson)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs: So, is FreemarkerUI work a good example of "straight Spring", versus the usage of "Services" in Discovery?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; Kind of. Note that it isn't actually starting any DSpace services that way (it's still bootstrapping a 'kernel' through a listener) - and this is actually a big drag for Freemarker / WebMVC - as I can't inject DSpace services into controllers, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; right..just noticed that it is using the kernel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; If my context param also just included references to all the 'core' service configuration files that I needed, then they would be created in the same factory, and I would be able to inject services into the Controllers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, I see what you mean</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sorry, I have to go.  Lots to think about &amp; do.  Will check back to see further discussion.  Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As chat has slowed here, I'm going to officially "close" the meeting. But, feel free to stick around here, if you want to continue these discussions (I'll be around for a while still)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; i gotta run too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I'm off to bed :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Going to bed now quite late here to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@sul272peter.lib.ohio-state.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C15567.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: grahamtriggs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (80ce5cde@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.92.222) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-66-159.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-66-159.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* gsoc_ajhall (~darkmatte@acad55102.wireless.uic.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-66-159.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-66-159.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
