<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2011-09-14
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[5:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz_OSU (~PeterDiet@peterdietz.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (kim@ec2-174-129-179-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@voyager114.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ablemann (~alexleman@147.226.128.170) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ianthe (~ianthe@cowu.be) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kompewter (~kompewter@peterdietz.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ChanServ (ChanServ@services.) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (kim@ec2-174-129-179-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz_OSU (~PeterDiet@peterdietz.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@voyager114.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ablemann (~alexleman@147.226.128.170) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ChanServ (ChanServ@services.) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@peterdietz.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ianthe (~ianthe@cowu.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:10ab:21e:4fff:feba:a425) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kompewter (~kompewter@peterdietz.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz_OSU (~PeterDiet@peterdietz.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 250 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:10ab:21e:4fff:feba:a425) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:10ab:21e:4fff:feba:a425) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz_OSU (~PeterDiet@peterdietz.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:10ab:21e:4fff:feba:a425) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:10ab:21e:4fff:feba:a425) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:10ab:21e:4fff:feba:a425) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cbeer (~cbeer@198.147.175.203) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cbeer (~cbeer@198.147.175.203) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cbeer (~cbeer@198.147.175.203) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cbeer (~cbeer@198.147.175.203) Quit (Quit: cbeer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cbeer (~cbeer@198.147.175.203) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bojans (~Bojmen@91.119.5.188) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5229fe9f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.159) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C156FD.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hi all, reminder our weekly DSpace Developer meeting starts here in about 7 mins: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-09-14">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-09-14</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-Martinp23- [Global Notice] Hi folks. It's upgrades wednesday tonight - hold on tight and please keep arms and legs inside the ride at all times. To start with we'll have a bit of rehubbing, then the following servers will restart: leguin, gibson, wolfe, hitchcock and pratchett. I'll let you know when it's all done. Thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:10ab:21e:4fff:feba:a425) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, time for our weekly DSpace Developers Mtg: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-09-14">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-09-14</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I thought we'd use today to get updates on 1.8 and also perhaps review some bugs that are still listed as "fix for 1.8.0" as well as a few which were just reported during testathon (see the agenda for the list of bugs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (80cea2c6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.162.198) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; first up though...Some folks still owe us 1.8 documentation!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; The two Richards have both promised docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; for CC Rewrite and Sword2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'll chse them again, a bit more forcefully</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (80cea2c6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.162.198) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (5229fe9f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.159) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bojans (~Bojmen@91.119.5.188) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz_OSU (~PeterDiet@peterdietz.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@voyager114.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ablemann (~alexleman@147.226.128.170) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ChanServ (ChanServ@services.) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, cool.  we also need docs from PeterDietz_OSU &amp; kshepherd then :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if you owe us docs (see agenda link) then expect that robint or I will be in touch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (80cea2c6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.162.198) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5229fe9f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.159) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bojans (~Bojmen@91.119.5.188) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz_OSU (~PeterDiet@peterdietz.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@voyager114.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ablemann (~alexleman@147.226.128.170) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ChanServ (ChanServ@services.) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Sorry, very rude of me :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory not sure I feel safe in here today...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; everyone is back :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; there they are again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Welcome back !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; "Services Down at irc.freenode.net"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I said: we also need docs from PeterDietz_OSU &amp; kshepherd then :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; also, that if you still owe us docs (see agenda link) then expect that robint or I will be in touch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I specifically wanted to ask to see if anyone has an ideas/time to spend on DS-768.  From my understanding, kshepherd has gotten decently far, but he has rescheduled it for post-1.8.0 cause he needs feedback &amp; help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-768">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-768</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@207.138.47.158) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it'd be good to finally get this fixed, if anyone can spend some time in the coming weeks.  It's annoying that we cannot get XMLUI to throw a proper 404</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm happy to run that patch on my testathon instance, someone talk me out of it :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; hpottinger: I think it sounds like a good idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; go for it!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood tries unsuccessfully to talk him out of it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; to me it sounds like kshepherd is worried that his fix breaks other things (because of cocoon patches), and I guess we won't find out unless we run it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I think that's right aschweer.  We mainly need more testing / testers / eyes on what kshepherd has proposed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Perhaps I should take a look at this, I did recently rip apart cocoon servlet service once again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. sounds like we can test it out on hpottinger's test instance and see how it goes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: it'd be great if you could :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; will try to have it patched and running by 10pm tonight</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mainly, I want to avoid having yet another release where our XMLUI just always says "200 OK" :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We did plan to drop the code here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-cocoon-servlet-service-impl/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-cocoon-servlet-service-impl/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Looks like its still just attached to the Jira issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I beleive what we should do is dump the cocoon source under modules, commit it, patch it, release a SNAPSHOT, have testathon instances test building with the snapshot in place</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.57.6) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i'm fine with that direction, as long as we get some more eyes on what kshepherd proposes first.  I just don't want to post it to demo.dspace.org until we have some idea that it should 'work' :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We might be better served to throw org/apache/cocoon/ProcessingException.html rather than ResourceNotFoundException, it would allow us to trap other conditions later as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Direct Known Subclasses:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ConnectionResetException, FormsException, InvalidContinuationException, ResourceNotFoundException</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory, do you want to bring your ideas to DS-768 comments, or to dspace-devel?  I think this sounds reasonable, just don't want to take up all the meeting on just this one issue (we've got many more that are still open as well)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; looks like this is the patch I need to try: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/attachment/11922/add_ResourceNotFoundException_to_xmlui_transformers.patch">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/attachment/11922/add_ResourceNotFoundException_to_xmlui_transformers.patch</a> but willing to try something else, as long as I have a patch to apply</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; continue on, I'll comment in the ticket and start progress.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks mdiggory, sounds good!  thanks for volunteering to help out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; hpottinger: You might want to liase with mdiggory to make sure you are going down the same path.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, the only other topic I had for today was the list of currently open "issues" scheduled for 1.8.0 (including a few just reported for testathon, near the bottom of this list).  They are embedded into the agenda at <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-09-14">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-09-14</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (kim@ec2-174-129-179-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (kim@ec2-174-129-179-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Could I jump to DS-959 ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sure, go ahead</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Ah, kompewter is absent</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-959">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-959</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Its the Tomcat 7 one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I don't have a resolution. Would it be worth emailing the lists to get more eyes on this ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I think its becoming more important by the day.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, I see DS-959 as possibly the most important on that list.  we really need to be supporting current versions of Tomcat</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't have any ideas yet either, but maybe it is best to start a discussion on dspace-devel to see if anyone else has figured anything out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So my understanding is that on authentication tomcat initializes a new session, which causes the login eperson details to be lost?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory, correct.  the SessionID changes after login, but only for XMLUI.  The JSPUI works fine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I already moved one to post-1.8.0.  Testing framework changes aren't ready. (Ds-859)  I want to get this done soon, but it's too late to go ripping up dspace-api and various POMs for 1.8.0.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks mhwood :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Is there somethin set in Cocoon or int he HttpServletRequest that would trigger tomcat thinking it had authenticated?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; could be... i don't know to be honest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it seems likely that it'd be something in Cocoon, since it's only affecting XMLUI.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-Martinp23- [Global Notice] Hi folks. That's the end of today's ride. The server upgrades/restarts are complete for tonight. Please take all your belongings with you while leaving the ride. Thanks for your patience and have a good evening!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; my brain is telling me that I saw similar complaints about login problems on a Cocoon-based CMS (Lenya?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmmm... if so, that could be a lead.  well, maybe we should start this discussion back up on the dspace-devel list and try and see what we can come up with?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; All I can say is that we do some pretty convoluted flips to hang onto the previous request, storing it and reconstituting it as the current request.  That could throw up alarms in any Servlet Engine that was trying to be protective</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i didn't realize that I guess.  Maybe we need to look into doing less "flips", if possible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; should we designate someone to restart this DS-959 discussion on dspace-devel?  I feel like we are just "spinning our wheels" here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'll volunteer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (i.e. it might be good for all of us to go do some more searching around and come back with what we can find)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good robint</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; continue, this bug needs more time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Another I wanted to highlight in that list of open issues: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1018">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1018</a>  (mostly cause this came as a surprise to me)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I wonder if we should discuss how we want to handle our '*-release.zip' versus our '*-src-release.zip' downloads</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, this was an adjustment that happened because dspace-parent dspace-xxx profiles are now activated by default, which means when these projects are absent in the dspace-release zip, having and running a dspace-parent pom will break</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I had a slight worry that the current structure of the 1.8.0-rc1-release.zip would make it *harder* to switch over to the Source Release at a later date. (in that it could be more confusing)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the solution was to remove it altogether and eliminate the confusion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; right, I understand the reasoning, mdiggory. I was just worrried it could actually add a different form of confusion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: not really. just place it in the same place in the dspace-src-release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I beleive that folks will look at the directory contents and see the analog</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no, that won't work.  if you unzip the *-release.zip to /dspace-release, then you cannot unzip the *-src-release.zip to /dspace-release later, as you'll jumble up the directories won't you?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; put dspace-release-xxxx/* into dspace-src-release-xxxx/dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that was never the intention</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; no one ever said to switch from release to src release, just unzip it on top of your current workspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; (or I never suggested doing such a thing)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.  I can see that point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I can see how it might seem plausable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; the other issue though is what we call our directories now though...  we used to just have [dspace] (install directory) and [dspace-source] (source directory).  Are those still applicable if we now have *two types* of [dspace-source] directories based on what Zip you downloaded?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; [sigh] but we still have to have two different sets of build instructions, even if we use the same directory structure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; [dspace-release]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; because to build dspace-release you would need to be in dspace-release-xxx/dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and to build dspace-src-release you would need to be in dspace-src-release-xxx/.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: actually we only have one set of build instructions currently (that's the heart of my question).  Currently, we just say: 'run mvn package from [dspace-source]/dspace/'.  But, obviously now we need two separate build instructions based on the ZIP file you chose</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; unless we we want to generate some alternative dspace-parent pom for the dspace-release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This comes back to why I wanted to push dspace-parent into its own module pom and not have any pom at the top</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the builds would then be consistent</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the adding of addon directories to you dspace-release/dspace/pom.xml would be consistent</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; has the idea been floated that we include a couple "install" shell scripts (.sh / .bat) so that the installation process was documented "in code" as it were?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; however, we know theres a maven bug that stops this from working, and we had to drop this approach for the moment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I should step back here and just point out that I'm OK with *-src-release.zip &amp; the *-release.zip having these separate structures, if everyone else is.  But, doing so means that we need to write separate installation instructions for each (which is what I wanted to make sure was understood by all)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sandsfish: we could write a few "install" scripts.  Just that no one has volunteered to do so :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; tdonohue: this should really just be a one or two liner, am i right?  and if we name the install scripts the same in each distribution, these differences could be encoded in said scripts?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; My goal in working on the build was to reduce complexity to the point that a platform specific build script was unneccessary</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It sounds like all we can do right now is document the differences.  When Maven is fixed and we are ready to raise the minimum version past the bugfix then we have another fix that's less to understand.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; It is a bit untidy having seperate instructions but I think we should just live with that for the moment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; An alternative is to have dspace-parent pom in dspace-release-xxx zip that does nto have profiles for the dspace-xxxx projects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I can say it threw me a bit when I went with the release tarball for 1.8.0 rc1 and didn't see the dspace folder</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; to be clear, we *could* likely find a way to make the *-release.zip have the same structure as the *-src-release.zip.  It's just that the *-release.zip tarball would not let you run 'mvn' from the root folder (instead, you'd always need to go to [dspace-src]/dspace/)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes we could</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, we have two choices:  (1) fix the documentation, or (2) fix the tarball</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mdiggory:that sounds quite neat. Where would the binary parent pom live ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that's why I wanted to bring this up.  I wanted to be sure we were all in agreement over which direction we wanted to go</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; it would need to be a transform of the current one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; (3) Fix the documentation now; fix the packaging later when Maven is cooperating.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so we do not need to retain differences</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Heres one more hypothetical....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; currently we have [*-src-release.zip]/dspace/modules/   and [*-src-release.zip]/dspace-xxx</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if dspace-xxx were placed under a directory from root that had its own pom.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that could use the ifFileExists activator in maven</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; then leaving the whole directory out would be the release build...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and then the builds would again be the same</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, something like, [*-src-release.zip]/dspace/modules/ and [*-src-release.zip]/dspace-src/dspace-xxx ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but that requires folks accept that dspace-api / etc are in a different location now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; [*-src-release.zip]/dspace/modules/dspace-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; no... soory ignore that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; [*-src-release.zip]/modules/dspace-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; [*-src-release.zip]/dspace/modules/pom.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; damn</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; why can't we use skype where you can edit you typos</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; [*-src-release.zip]/modules/pom.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; [*-src-release.zip]/pom.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Another directory named "modules"? :)  Though I guess that is consistent with  [src]/dspace/modules/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; A telephone has typos?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; skype text chat (IM) lets you edit your typos</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe we need to rename the old 'modules'.  We could call it 'local'....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; well, its plausable that dspace/modules.... should have been called "overlays"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but thats loaded too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; "overlays" might cause some confusion with intellij overlays directories</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; true true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, true true.  Just pointing out we'd then have a [src]/modules, [src]/dspace/modules/ and  [src]/dspace/config/modules/  :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm just noticing we like to name directories "modules" :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; well, when you checkou something from svn/repo/modules/... into your intellij project, it like that naming convention as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but only because we chose to call it ",odules"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I quite like the design in general</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'm sure we can solve the name issue if we want to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Agh... I'm trapped in "Being John Module", now every directory must be called "module"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; in any case, I get your point mdiggory (no matter what we call it... if we called it [src]/modules/dspace-xxx or [src]/dspace-source/dspace-xxx or whatever)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I do like the design as well, to be honest.  It puts more of a separation between [src]/dspace/ (the *assembly/build* directory) and the actual *java source* code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; It would require testing before confirming.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mdiggory: do you have the time right now ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Actually I could have a play around too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; whats our timeframe for next release?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; what do others think about these various ideas (many quiet folks here)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; timeline posted on: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.8.0+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.8.0+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mdiggory: next rc release ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; RC2 is tentatively scheduled for Oct 7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1.8.0 final for Oct 21</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, how many candidates do we anticipate needing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm happy to update the documentation to match whatever we decide, just need to know how it's supposed to be. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I guess that depends on how badly we can mess up a release candidate.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In the past, generally 2 RCs has been enough.  But, we can always do more, if we need to work out kinks.  But, the goal should still be to finish up with a 1.8.0 final around Oct 21ish</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, we can always do RC2 earlier and fit in more RCs if we wanted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; the only "harder" deadline is that we've been promising 1.8.0 will be released in Oct.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; We don't need to decide this now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no, we don't. Just wanted to make sure we discussed it some, as it's potentially a larger change (depending on what we decide)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; If any of have time to test Mark's new design then we can go for another RC asap after Testathon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; robint: if you want to do a first test thats fine, otherwise I will</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sorry to have hijacked the meeting on DS-1018 :)   Didn't mean for it to last this long, but I felt it was a good discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Definitely worthwhile</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, well on a side note.... sword and foresite release were hung up waiting for us to respond back to sonotype that we had made our first promotion from staging.  I've alerted them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd be willing to help test the new design (if someone else wants to post patches or create a quick SVN branch for it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mdiggory: Happy to have a bash</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (i.e. I have time to help *test*, but likely not help *code* it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mdiggory:  Thanks for looking after those two and getting them into maven.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.57.6) Quit (Quit: sandsfish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; absolutely.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, last quick note:  If anyone has time to help do some debugging &amp; coding in coming weeks, please feel free to claim *any* issues on the list: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-09-14">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-09-14</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I have been looking at the swordv2 dspace code as well... I'm hoping to make some comments/contributions if at all possible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There are several older issues that actually have patches attached that just need some verification</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; in addition, we have some new bugs that have been reported already during testathon that need someone to claim &amp; fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (no rush on any of these --- we are still testing afterall.  But, I just wanted to encourage folks to claim issues as they come in.  Anything unassigned is likely not being worked on yet)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; very interested in the versioning support in swordv2 because we have a different approach implemented for versioning in Dryad and I expect if we want to use SWORDv2 we are going to need to be careful.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Sorry, but I've got to head off. Cheers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I have to go to work. bye everyone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I must go too.  Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:10ab:21e:4fff:feba:a425) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Beyond that.  I hope everyone finds some time to help with Testathon!  Have a good week!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (5229fe9f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.159) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Need to go to sleep bye all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C156FD.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: I'm still having problems loading up the AIP for the sample community, have a sec to look at the error message?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@207.138.47.158) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@peterdietz.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: I sent you a response via email</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: thx!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; kshepherd: re DS-768, does your caveat apply to the "Kim's cheap 404s" patch as well?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-768">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-768</a> ] - [#DS-768] All XMLUI Error Pages respond with 200 OK, instead of 404 Not Found - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i *thought* it did.. maybe i actually fixed that problem, and then forgot that i did</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hpottinger: what does your testing show?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; in progress {stares at shoes}</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i think yu might be onto something, the tomcat/non-cocoon error page works without caching..? i'd better re-test as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger smacks his head, mumbles incoherently about maven, something about release, something something</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; going to have to patch my trunk checkout, then find the magic place to park it so maven will overlay it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: still around? do you have time to quickly test the patch + new jar?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; or mdiggory?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hpottinger: yeah i find it easiest to keep a totally scratch trunk area lying around so i can test stuff out one change at a time ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hpottinger: I need to put some stuff into the svn location... or... maybe you can?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: just making sure my patch really does throw a 404 (or whatever the correct response code is for a request)  every time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd -- unfortunately I'm about to head out. But, I'll gladly help test tomorrow.  Send me a note or post an update to DS-768, and I'll try to get to it then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-768">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-768</a> ] - [#DS-768] All XMLUI Error Pages respond with 200 OK, instead of 404 Not Found - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kshepherd: anythings better than whats happening now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; heh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ok, since we're still in testathon, maybe the best thing is for me to get it in RC1 and see hwat happens</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: i might need some help with the mvn release of that cocoon artifact, if it turns out we still need the modified version</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; FYI, I am planning to just commando upgrade the cocoon jar, as per the description on Ds-768, and then patch my checkout of trunk, and manually move the file into a maven overlay folder (worried about that last bit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (that'll be tomorrow morning for you ;))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, just send me the maven project, or commit it here:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hpottinger: just patch trunk, then build, then drop the jar in post-deploy.. i think that's easiest. no overlay necessary</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-cocoon-servlet-service-impl/trunk/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-cocoon-servlet-service-impl/trunk/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ repo - Revision 6686: /modules/dspace-cocoon-servlet-service-impl/trunk ] - <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-cocoon-servlet-service-impl/trunk/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-cocoon-servlet-service-impl/trunk/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: ok will do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm just wanting the dspace-cocoon-servlet-service stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 1.) we release the jar</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 2.) your patch should adjust dspace-parent to use its new version</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 3.) and adjust xmlui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep. sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; kshepherd: OK, never done this before, but I'm thinking this is the jar I'm looking for? dspace-xmlui-api-1.8.0-rc2-SNAPSHOT.jar</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; nope, that's dspace-xmlui-api...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; dspace-cocoon-servlet-service-impl is downloaded by maven during build, not compiled from the core source in trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; hmm... trying to find the jar that has your "cheap 404s" patch in it...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but that's the existing one, so it's kinda irrelevant. you just need to drop that new one (attached to the JIRA issue) into [YOUR DEPLOYED XMLUI WEBAPP]/WEB-INF/lib</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/attachment/11922/add_ResourceNotFoundException_to_xmlui_transformers.patch">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/attachment/11922/add_ResourceNotFoundException_to_xmlui_transformers.patch</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; that's the patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you mean the dspace-cocoon-servlet-service-impl</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hpottinger: sorry, i probably explained the build process badly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hpottinger: the patch i just linked to patches XMLUI. so that needs to be applied to trunk before you run "mvn package"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; hmm... I've applied the XMLUI patch to my checkout of trunk, have run mvn package</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; the jar is a pre-built bunch of cocoon servlet stuff that has already been patched with some "dspaceisms". so that can be dropped into [xmlui]/WEB-INF/lib *after* you've built and deployed your XMLUI webapp</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I recommended in the meeting using org/apache/cocoon/ProcessingException in that patch... as its more general and can be used to separate out continuation errors as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: ok thanks i'll try it out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm not running the testathon from my trunk checout, though, I've got a copy of the release tarball I'm building from for testathon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ok well don't stress about it, i'll make sure i give it more testing today as well :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; once you guys commit the code to the scm I can run a quick SNAPSHOT release for you to test against before my end of day. But warning, I have about 45 minutes left</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: processingexception is a superclass of resourcenotfoundexceptoin?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; from what I saw, yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; no worries, kshepherd, just wanted to make good on a promise to help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; am I wrong?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: heh, may as well leave it for your tomorrow, then -- i'll test and work on it in my daytime, by the time i leave here you'll be waking up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: nope you're 100% correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:16]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger gotta run pick up kids, will check back in toight</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; catch ya later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:18]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (80cea2c6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.162.198) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bojans (~Bojmen@91.119.5.188) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>