<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2011-08-31
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@host213-123-239-134.in-addr.btopenworld.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ablemann (~alexleman@147.226.128.170) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@host213-123-239-134.in-addr.btopenworld.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* snail (~yeatesst@130.195.179.88) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* snail (~yeatesst@130.195.179.88) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C156FD.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Hi everybody</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, reminder that our weekly DSpace Devel meeting starts at the top of the hour. <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-08-31">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-08-31</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2011-08-31 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-08-31">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-08-31</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (80cea2c6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.162.198) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5229fe9f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.159) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, time for our weekly DSpace Developers mtg. <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-08-31">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-08-31</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2011-08-31 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-08-31">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-08-31</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I thought we'd start off with a JIRA review, as we haven't done that in a few weeks...plus, we might stumble across some bug reports we may still want to include in 1.8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-882+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-882+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-882+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-882+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-882">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-882</a> ] - [#DS-882] Homepage warning message when using Snapshot versions - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll start with DS-882</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-882">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-882</a> ] - [#DS-882] Homepage warning message when using Snapshot versions - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thoughts on this idea?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Better to first find out why so many sites running on SNAPSHOTs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Yep, it would be interesting to know if it was deliberate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; Is there a patch with this bug report? If so, let's add it. Otherwise let it wait until 1.8.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; It's nice, but not very important.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; maybe we can make it clearer on sourceforge what should be used for production? (not sure it's possible there)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; assuming that Bram means the release candidates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we can ask bram what exactly he's seeing (currently on SourceForge we do have separate folders for "Stable Versions" and "Release Candidates")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I also agree this would likely be post-1.8.0.  (most of these issues we review today may be that same way, unless we run across something that really should be in 1.8.0)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ds-882 summary: Followup with Bram -- what is he seeing exactly?  This might be a nice idea, but would be post-1.8.0.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next DS-883</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-883">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-883</a> ] - [#DS-883] Artifact preview thumbnail in browse screens does not display primary bitstream - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; What is the desired effect?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think this is a misunderstanding of what the "primary bitstream" is used for.  It's only used for HTML content.  I think this issue is implying it should also be used to determine which thumbnail is displayed (if there are multiple image files attached to an Item)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; or, at least, that's what I think it's saying (I could be reading it wrong though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Thats my reading of it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; tdonohue: that's how I read it too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, do we mark this as "not a bug"?  Or is this a new feature (to wait until after 1.8.0)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I would actually probably expect the same behaviour as the reporter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Well t.b.h. I don't know how the browse thumbnails work but there is now an option to reorder files so this could solve his issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Could we make clearer the meaning of "primary bitstream" ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; robint: I could imagine, if an item has many images, that people want to control which thumbnail shows up in the browse</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; which may not be addressed by making it the primary bitstream anyway</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd think I'd lean towards reclassifying this as a "new feature request" for post-1.8.0.  I think aschweer is right that there's a new feature in here -- whether or not the 'primary bitstream' is the way to do this may need investigation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; aschweer: Fair point. Does anyone know how media-filter decides which image to thumbnail ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; media filters creates thumbnails for all bitstreams that it can.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; It dosn't just pick one for an item, an item may have several thumbnails.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; the browse index then apparently pick one, not sure based on what</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; anyone want to "claim" Ds-883 and investigate it after 1.8.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll take that as a no.  Ds-883 summary: we can just schedule this for post-1.8.0 then &amp; change into a feature request, and hope to find someone to investigate further</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; one last one for today: DS-885</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-885">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-885</a> ] - [#DS-885] links within CC license_text are broken - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Worth recording on it that KeveVdV's bitstream order change may fix it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone have any idea if this is fixed by the new CC license stuff? (Just curious)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; 883 that is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: No idea, but I could take this one and have a look whilst testing the CC stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks, it'd be worth investigating (it'd be nice if we could just mark it fixed now)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ds-885 summary: robint will look into while testing new CC stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. we'll stop there for today &amp; move on to 1.8.0 updates, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone have updates to share? Bugs they've noticed that need immediate help/review?  Anything else related to 1.8.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I have acouple of things</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; The Sword2 module was added but as some have noticed there are some issues with some libraries</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Richard Jones is now back from holiday and has promised to fix things</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; hopefully before Testathon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; CC Rewrite code has been committed (big thanks to Wendy Bossons)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; It has some rough edges</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; plus one change that I would value others opinions on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; A new template has been added to structural.xsl, called cc-license</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; I understand that it has been turned off by default in the input-forms.xml. I think we should change that and turn it on by default, and only turn it off if we find some problems with it during the test-a-thon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint, do you have the issue # handy for that new CC license stuff? trying to track it down again?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; nevermind, I found it DS-964</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-964">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-964</a> ] - [#DS-964] Implement Creative Commons Web Service API with the Submission Process - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; So, is that a sensible thing to do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; adding the new template I mean</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; If it is will this give existing sites a problem with the upgrade ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; If they have been good and added their own local them on top of the existing stuff then it shouldn't be a problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; correct. if they've been good about it, it shouldn't be a problem.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; But if they have directly customised structural.xsl then they will need to integrate the changes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Is this an issue, or not worth worrying about ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; one thing I'd like to know is whether it would matter if someone is *not* using CC licensing.  In other words, would they still need to have this new 'cc-license' template, or would it just be skipped over</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (i.e. we should test that if you *disable* CC Licensing, then the theme doesn't need that template to work)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Ok, I'll test that. Thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I'm ok with requiring that new template, if you want to use the new CC licensing.  I'm sure we'll need to add new templates throughout the years</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Then thats all my updates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; to go back to what scottatm said.  I worry about leaving CC license "on" by default, as I'm not certain how many institutions actually use the Create Commons licensing feature  (but if most everyone here thinks otherwise, then I'm fine with being overruled)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, to be clear, we *will* enable it on demo.dspace.org during Testathon.    The demo.dspace.org site is setup such that *every possible feature* is enabled.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; oh, I was under the impression that if not enabled that dspace would use the old CC method. yeah, I don't think that we should turn CC on by default... but if on by default it should use the new method.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; That's probably me just causing confusion, sorry.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; jspui still uses old methos, xmlui uses the new</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; method</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, thanks for clarifying robint.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone else have updates they want to share, or bugs they've either discovered, or saw in JIRA that we should look at?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; The only other big'ish piece of work ongoing that I know of is Richard's Curation enhancements</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richard committed those today, I believe</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Lets go to the pub :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Actually, the other thing to follow up on is the whole Tombstone stuff.  No one has yet to create a default Tombstone for XMLUI.  I'm assuming we are going to "leave out" the withdrawal reason stuff, as it seems to have been controversial: DS-969</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-969">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-969</a> ] - [#DS-969] Add ability to monitor &amp;amp; clear Cocoon&amp;#39;s Cache from XMLUI Control Panel - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ug, DS-996</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-996">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-996</a> ] - [#DS-996] Add optional reason text to tombstone page - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it's the latter one, not the former (obviously)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, the question is:  Are we leaving this feature for post-1.8.0?   I'd still like to include just a default XMLUI Tombstone in 1.8.0 (as that's just a bug fix, as it doesn't even have one yet).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I think it'd be useful to have a default XMLUI tombstone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.  I'll talk to richardrodgers about this. I think he already has code that would give us a default XMLUI tombstone....we just need to pull it out and commit it.  We'll leave the extra feature (a custom withdrawal message) for post 1.8.0.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; just a note for the record, which I think I've covered in the tickets themselves, but I'm punting on DS-994, and I've made two new bug tickets DS-1006 and DS-1007, so I'm focusing on those two instead of Ds-994, should I close 994?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-994">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-994</a> ] - [#DS-994] Add allow/deny rules for self-registration in the simple password authentication module - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1006">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1006</a> ] - [#DS-1006] authorizations via SpecialGroups methods are not properly created if an existing ePerson is found - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1007">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1007</a> ] - [#DS-1007] AuthenticationManager.canSelfRegister is problematic with stacked authentication modules - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger, if Ds-994 is no longer of any use and/or obsolete, then definitely close it.  It may be worth linking the other two issues back to Ds-994 though (just to keep that "history")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; hpottinger: If 994 is still valid but you don't think it will make 1.8 then you could reschedule for post-1.8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; I'm also working (today actualy) on an overhaul of the shibboleth authenticator....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, like robint says -- if it's still valid, then don't close it :)  We only close/resolve issues that are either fixed, obsolete or no longer valid for whatever reason.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; To support lazy auth, netid based identity, and additional metadat.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; scottatm: Is this intended for 1.8 ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; no, post 1.8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Good stuff, thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Interesting...I've been cooking up a CAS authn plugin (using the Shib plugin for ideas).  (Probably not generally useful:  IU hacked CAS and won't interoperate with JASIG CAS.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; mhwood, we can chat sometime if you'd like.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1.8 general update:  We could really use some volunteers to help with Documentation, as well as anyone interested in quickly searching JIRA to see if there are any "quick fix" bugs there (i.e. bugs with patches already built that would be easy to add to 1.8).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; more info on both is in the Yellow note on our meeting minutes: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-08-31">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-08-31</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2011-08-31 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-08-31">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-08-31</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I do have one annoying bug for which I created a patch (<a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-897),">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-897),</a> this should be fixed in DSpace 1.8.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-897">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-897</a> ] - [#DS-897] Selecting &amp;quot;This Collection&amp;quot; in the sidebar search box produces a Page Not Found - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; I would also like to commit DS-1010 to 1.8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1010">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1010</a> ] - [#DS-1010] Item count (collection strengths) do not update on the community-collection list. - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1010">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1010</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1010">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1010</a> ] - [#DS-1010] Item count (collection strengths) do not update on the community-collection list. - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [#DS-1010] Item count (collection strengths) do not update on the community-collection list. - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1010">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1010</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; could we get a volunteer for Ds-897? Might be nice to quickly get in before Testathon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; KevinVdV: I should be able to test Ds-897 today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Thanks aschweer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks aschweer,</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; actually, Ds-1010 too, we've had problems with that in my repos</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; +1 for 1010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; scottam -- looks like Ds-1010 already has a lot of support (based on the comments on that issue).  So, sounds like it should definitely get in 1.8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; great.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If anyone really would like to write Documentation, please get in touch.  We could use more eyes/help on updating Install Docs, Upgrade Docs &amp; Configuration Docs.  Volunteer now, before I have to twist some arms -- it seems like none of us likes to do Docs :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I plan to write some docs on the services in the near future</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'll start looking at the docs tomorrow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger raises his hand</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, if you have committed any new feature to 1.8.0, you are obviously expected to write up some Documentation for us.  So, Robint &amp; I will be in touch if we notice your docs are lacking :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Thanks hpottinger: , I may ask for help as I go along</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger -- cool, if there's a particular area you'd like to work on, let us know.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; just point me at something</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; will do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; but I'll do my best to ensure the upgrade docs are current</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, Testathon is obviously now a week delayed (but you all likely already saw that announcement) &amp; will start on Sept 12.  The official testathon announcements should go out later this week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. I think that's all I have to mention.  So, we can adjourn to the "virtual pub" (to bad it's not a real pub) unless anyone else has any last topics</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds like it's "meeting adjourned"!  I think 1.8.0 is looking great so far -- lots of new last minute features, but it's definitely been worthwhile to have extended the "freeze" a bit :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Time to sneak away. Cheers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; time to go to work for me :) see you all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger bolts for the door as well, bye folks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (80cea2c6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.162.198) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I also must go.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (5229fe9f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.159) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Also need to go, cya later all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C156FD.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* barmintor (barmintor@specdl11.cul.columbia.edu) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>