<span class="irc-date">[5:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sbayliss (bcde58ad@gateway/web/freenode/ip.188.222.88.173) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@host213-123-239-134.in-addr.btopenworld.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:10ab:21e:4fff:feba:a425) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:10ab:21e:4fff:feba:a425) Quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:10ab:21e:4fff:feba:a425) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@host213-123-239-134.in-addr.btopenworld.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@host213-123-239-134.in-addr.btopenworld.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:10ab:21e:4fff:feba:a425) Quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@host213-123-239-134.in-addr.btopenworld.com) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C156FD.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@nc652091b.cns.vt.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bojans (~Bojmen@91-118-59-116.dynamic.adsl-line.inode.at) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, reminder that DSpace Developers Mtg will start here in about 10 min: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-09-07">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-09-07</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2011-09-07 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-09-07">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-09-07</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (80cea2c6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.162.198) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5229fe9f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.159) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, the DSpace Developers Meeting is beginning here now.  Today's agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-09-07">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-09-07</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2011-09-07 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-09-07">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-09-07</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Essentially, today is dedicated towards any final preparations before 1.8.0 Testathon, which starts next Monday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One thing to note is that the Testathon announcement will go out immediately after this meeting (I meant to send it earlier today, but I'm catching up from my holiday)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; beyond that, do we want to just dive in and talk about 1.8.0 updates &amp; final Testathon planning?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint, do you want to take the lead here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Ok, it would be good if people could review their Jira issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; and any that wont make 1.8 they could reassign to post-1.8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; the main culprits are...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@nc652091b.cns.vt.edu) Quit (Quit: keithgilbertson)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; me ! Tim and Mark D</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Apart from that I think the big remaining job is the documentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; gulp. me, really? oh the "Replication Task Suite" -- yea, that probably needs a clearer "assignment" (even though it will be released as a separately installed add-on, it shouldn't be labeled as 1.8.0.  I'll take care of that).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; do you know offhand who is "lacking" in their documentation (i.e. who gave us undocumented features/improvements), so that we can pester them? :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I need to pester the MIT gang about docs for the CC Rewrite</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; snap</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz_OSU&gt; I need to pester myself to docify the RSS improvements</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Dont pester yourself in public !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz_OSU -- yes, please.  It'd be good to at least have a draft before Monday (so folks know how to enable it &amp; test it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I have pestered Richard jones about the SWORD2 stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz_OSU&gt; Don't forget that lazy ...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Although I am pretty relaxed about that as I doubt many people will have clients to try it out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I plan to write some documentation about the services either tomorrow or the day after tomorrow (couldn't edit the wiki page until an hour ago so couldn't do it sooner)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: you might want to go back &amp; read the early logs of this mtg.  you, robint &amp; I need to clean up our assigned JIRA issues &amp; either close them (if they actually are in 1.8.0) or move to "post-1.8.0" if they are delayed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; The Configurable Workflow stuff is already nicely documented</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; So, the CC stuff is the notable omission</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Oh, and maybe new Curation tasks, although I haven't looked at that yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I suspect there may be some necessary docs for the new Curation Tasks.  Perhaps also the Virus checking during submission? (or are those done?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; No that is still missing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I wasn't sure where to put them,</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; possibly in amongst the Curation stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, that seems logical enough for now.  Either that, or as a subpage of the Submission stuff...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; How about Installation &amp; Upgrade Documentation?  Do we have a first draft of either of those?  Or, someone willing to write up a quick first draft?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's hypertext.  One can point at the other.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I confess I haven't given that any thought yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (again, none of these docs need to be perfect right now -- we can clean them up in the coming weeks, etc.  But, it'd be good to get a first draft of everything done, if possible)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any volunteer(s) to do an initial draft of the Installation and/or Upgrade Docs?   Likely they will be similar to past docs, but it'd be good to have someone go through them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I can take the Install/upgrade docs, was planning to edit them based on what I find as I install for the testathon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger, that'd be wonderful! Whoever sets up 'demo.dspace.org' (likely either Robint or I -- I haven't talked to robint about this yet) could also help give a read through, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint_ (5229fe9f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.159) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Sorry, IE crashing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (5229fe9f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.159) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: also, once you know the URL for the Testathon instance you are planning to setup, we should provide links to it as well.  Currently, there's a rough testathon page up at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.8.0+Testathon+Page">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.8.0+Testathon+Page</a>  (based heavily on the Testathon page that PeterDietz created for 1.7.0)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 1.8.0 Testathon Page - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.8.0+Testathon+Page">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.8.0+Testathon+Page</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; already have the domain, it doesn't "go anywhere" yet, but I can add it to that page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: hpottinger volunteered to help with install/upgrade docs.  I said that whoever updates 'demo.dspace.org' (either you or I) should be able to help give an extra pair of eyes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; tdonohue: Great. My browser crashed just when you were asking for volunteers. Who says IE is rubbish !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Thanks hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so, robint will commence pestering of those who have not provided proper docs :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: ok... also need to invest the time on the SWROD release. I got distracted but it shouldn't take much time to execute.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; mdiggory: Thanks for stepping in there, much appreciated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: fyi, if you are moving around SWORD 2 stuff, you may need to "sync" things up with robint.  I think robint is planning to "cut" 1.8.0 RC1 sometime tomorrow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yep. glad to be of service, and thank you robint</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, its important to clear the snapshots from the dependencies.... that'll be your first warning....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: yes, I just wanted to avoid a situation where you start your "cleanup" and robint releases 1.8.0 RC1 at the same time :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'll just jump in and say that I'm still plugging away at DS-990, hope to have something to commit by tonight... was supposed to be any easy "no brainer", I'm finding myself trying to grok the entire build.xml, fun times</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-990">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-990</a> ] - [#DS-990] Change &amp;#39;ant update&amp;#39; to default to &amp;quot;overwrite=true&amp;quot; mode - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; cool, I was going to bring that up just now, hpottinger.  good timing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; is there any more "eyes" or help/opinions you need on DS-990?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-990">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-990</a> ] - [#DS-990] Change &amp;#39;ant update&amp;#39; to default to &amp;quot;overwrite=true&amp;quot; mode - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; mdiggory: I'll delay doing the RC until later tommorow (my time) so that you are online and I can let you know what I;m up to.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; sure, more the merrier! :-) note that it helps if you have a current version of Ant :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ok, thanks, I'll leave IRC up, but you can also Skype me directly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I was going to ask about Ant versions.  Is the whole issue because Ant 1.7.x acts differently than Ant 1.8.0 with regards to the "if/unless" settings in Ant Targets?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (i.e. should we think about just requiring Ant 1.8.0 or above?  Or is that too drastic here?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I will (1) release the foresite toolkit as 1.0 (2) update version info in dspace (3) work on SWORD and see if the snapshot release works as easy there and do the same</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if  (3) doesn't work too well, then rc1 will still hold the SWORD libs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; actually, I think that might have been a red herring, in that I'm seeing the same behavior when running Ant 1.8.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; mdiggory: Sounds good. Thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: probibly not too drastic...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, good to know hpottinger.  I'd be glad to try and give an extra pair of eyes on whatever you come up with for Ds-990.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In general, we should feel free to change our pre-requisites as needed.  If Ant 1.7 requirement is now outdated, I'm fine with switching to Ant 1.8 (I honest don't know what Linux systems come with these days in terms of Ant packages)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Re 990, this will need to be reflected in the upgrade and general docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue, great, thanks, as it is, the patch on Ds-990 is what I'm using, and if you or anyone else is willing to test, just be sure you have Ant 1.7.1+</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Gentoo currently ships Ant 1.8.1.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; RHEL5 comes with Ant 1.6.5 (circa 2006)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it's no big thing to set up a personal binary copy of Ant, though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint_: yes, we need to make Ds-990 very *explicit* (bolded, in bright flashing colors, etc.) in the upgrade docs - ok, maybe it doesn't need to be flashing :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, I'll help do some testing on Ds-990 as well, hpottinger.  Likely won't get to it until tomorrow though, to be honest.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Is now a good time to have a wee chat about DS-959 ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-959">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-959</a> ] - [#DS-959] XMLUI login failure when using Tomcat 7.0.16 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The other outstanding issue (a bug) that'd be nice to fix before 1.8.0 final -- DS-959.   Has anyone had a chance to look into this? or would be willing to look into this in the coming weeks?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-959">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-959</a> ] - [#DS-959] XMLUI login failure when using Tomcat 7.0.16 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint_ and I think alike :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; I noticed another email about it today on one of the mailing lists</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; If we don't fix it now we will have to sometime soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I did some googling around, I think that there were significant changes to how Tomcat handles sessions from 6 to 7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I see Ds-959 as a very high priority fix for 1.8.0 final.  So, we really need to have someone or someones dig into what is going on.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; I'll have a look next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; But the more people investigating the better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, sounds good. I can also try to chip in as well (and I'd encourage others to do so as well -- it seems like we have some good ideas in the comments, but nothing has been verified, and no one seems to have found the exact issue yet)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I took a look at it quickly but haven't found anything at the moment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i agree, the more eyes on this the better.  one of us has to be able to figure it out :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; I did notice in some of Stuart Lewis's comments that it seemed to work ok with 1.7.n but not 1.7.m</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Might be worth looking to see what was changed in those minor revisions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.  So, anything else that anyone wants to bring up around 1.8.0 in general?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I will add this to the ticket for 959, but, I googled "jsessionid tomcat 7 ie login problem" and came up with this: <a href="http://www.developer.com/java/web/article.php/3904871/Top-7-Features-in-Tomcat-7-The-New-and-the-Improved.htm">http://www.developer.com/java/web/article.php/3904871/Top-7-Features-in-Tomcat-7-The-New-and-the-Improved.htm</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Top 7 Features in Tomcat 7: The New and the Improved - Developer.com ] - <a href="http://www.developer.com/java/web/article.php/3904871/Top-7-Features-in-Tomcat-7-The-New-and-the-Improved.htm">http://www.developer.com/java/web/article.php/3904871/Top-7-Features-in-Tomcat-7-The-New-and-the-Improved.htm</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; "2. Changing the jsessionid on authentication to prevent session fixation attacks altogether"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Good spot</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, seems like it could be related. I just hope there's an easy way to fix this in XMLUI (and it isn't a *Cocoon* issue)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; tdonohue: I've nothing more to add re 1.8. Just getting suitably nervous about pressing the Maven button :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint_ : no worries... :)  If anything goes wrong, I can work with you to frantically fix it at the very last moment on Friday (just kidding -- hopefully all should be smooth, to be honest)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint_ : one question for you.  Are you planning to try and do the demo.dspace.org update to 1.8.0RC1 on Friday?  We just should finalize who is doing that upgrade -- likely either you or I</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Don't mind. Hadn't given it any thought yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Happy either way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, I'll touch base with you via email on that.  At the very least, I should set you up with access to demo.dspace.org so that you can tweak configs there if you need to.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; BTW -- any committers who want command-line access to demo.dspace.org, just ask.  It's meant to be jointly managed by the committer team.  Currently I think only about 4-5 of us really manage it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I do have a small question about the setup of the demo, what will be done with the workflow ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Will the old one be enabled or the new (xmlworkflow)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV : Usually we try and "enable" as many features as we possibly can on demo.dspace.org.  In the case of the workflow, we'd probably want to enable to new one, so that it gets the proper testing during Testathon.  But, if robint or I have trouble setting it up, we'll let you know</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Does it need any config done or can we just turn it on ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (this is also where we get to test everyone's docs -- if we don't have good docs, chances are we won't know how to enable each of the new features)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Well it requires some config but also some database changes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; So if there is a shared database between the xmlui &amp; jspui there may be issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmm... yea ,there is a shared DB between xmlui &amp; jspui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snail&gt; is there link to the SQL schema for 1.8 someplace? I've just had to make an update to my schema to 1.6.2 and I'm not sure whether it's been fixed in the latest version or whether I need to submit a fix/bug report</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger is scribbling notes furiously</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV : are the DB changes in an upgrade script in [dspace-src]/dspace/etc/ yet?  I don't see them there?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Yes there should be scripts in both the oracle &amp; postgres dir they are in a workflow subdir though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; tdonohue: I've seen them. Ben added them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; The directory is called xmlworkflow in the etc/postgres &amp; etc/oracle dirs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, I see. I didn't expect them to be in an 'xmlworkflow' directory.  I had assumed they would be in 'database-schema_17-18.sql'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; It is "optional" and xmlui only</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; gotta go, bye everyone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, so, this is a bit "late in the game", but do I now understand that there are *2 different* DSpace Database schemas, based on whether you are using XML Workflow or not?  I must've totally missed this fact.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; what happens if someone moves to the XML Workflow and (for whatever reason) wants to "undo that change"?  Is that possible?  Is this a one-way only upgrade?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is the schema just augmented, or does this change existing stuff?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I'm afraid that at the moment it is a one way upgrade (might need to check to be 100% sure)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it looks like it is *not* just an augmentation.  It looks like the workflow_migration.sql script actually removes the workflowitem entries (which would mean this cannot be undone)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Although a going back option may be required for the DSpace 1.8.0 release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Since we are over time here, we may have to continue this discussion next week.  I am a bit concerned that there is no way  to "undo" the XML Workflow if this is an optional feature.  If we wanted to make it *required*, then it wouldn't need an "undo" option.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, in the meantime, what we can do is the following (1): Release it "as-is" in 1.8.0 RC1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (2) Continue this discussion in the coming weeks to figure out how we want it to be in 1.8.0 final</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Bizzare as it sounds I know of a site that uses both the JSPUI and the XMLUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'd like to see a README in the xmlworkflow folder</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (3) Enable it on one Testathon server and leave it disabled on another (to see both options during Testathon).    We will have at least two testathon sites (demo.dspace.org, &amp; hpottinger's Oracle Testathon site)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Must go.  Thanks, all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to hpottinger.   I'd also agree with robint_ -- although extremely rare, I've heard of sites using both XMLUI &amp; JSPUI -- but, usually XMLUI is for "access" and JSPUI is for Admin UI (at least when I've heard of it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Ok just be aware should you enable the xmlworkflow that this isn't compatible with JSPUI so shared db between User interfaces is a big no no I'm afraid</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we used to use JSPUI and XMLUI (JSPUI was our admin interface)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV.  Ok, thanks for verifying that.  We need a *big warning* about that.  I'd hate it if someone accidentally ran these scripts and was still partially using JSPUI (and then couldn't "undo" it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Indeed I will talk it over with the guy in @mire who actually made the db script (not me)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; &amp; see if we can get a rollback in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I've seen writeups where people referred to the JSPUI as an admin interface, can't remember where, though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Very sorry but I've got to run. Cheers all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, as we are over time, we may want to move this XML Workflow discussion to mailing lists (we can also set aside time next week as well, obviously!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint_ (5229fe9f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.159) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm going to call the meeting "closed".  But, I'll be hanging around here for a while if anything comes up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; tdonohue or anybody else interested in the configurable workflow we have already created some documentation &amp; this can be found at the following location <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOCDEV/Configurable+Workflow">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOCDEV/Configurable+Workflow</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Configurable Workflow - DSpace Unreleased Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOCDEV/Configurable+Workflow">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOCDEV/Configurable+Workflow</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Tim, it might help me get the Oracle testathon instance up, if I can just crib off of the setup of demo, so if you can get me command line access, that would be great, thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: makes sense.  I'll send you &amp; robint emails to get you access.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Oh, by the way folks... Lets all give a shout out to KevinVdV as our latest addition to the DSpace Committers Group.  I'm working on an announcement to go out later today. But since there are a few of us left in the meeting... "Welcome Kevin"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, sorry about that, welcome to KevinVdV :)  I'm not sure we ever even did the same for hpottinger (since he was out for a week or so after being voted in).  So, welcome to both hpottinger &amp; KevinVdV!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Thanks all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz_OSU&gt; Hi KevinVdV, glad you've joined!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; thanks, and welcome to KevinVdV (still looking for the liquor cabinet, but I *have* found the keys for IDEA)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; The keys for the IDEA will do for the moment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz_OSU&gt; ohh right, I think that means I can't close IDEA for a couple of days</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; erm, well, the old, just about expired keys, that is...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; *Hopes that hpottinger finds the liquor cabinet by OR 2012*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz_OSU&gt; Thats going to be near where Robin is, I'm guess that Robin will have the keys</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Those Scotts have quite a liquor cabinet from what I hear</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Lots of scotch in it I heard</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger realizes his cup is empty, wanders off...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Got to run, need some sleep, should you require my aid about anything just email me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@63.164.30.58) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C156FD.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@63.164.30.58) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; PeterDietz_OSU: have you made any further progress on "business tier" shared code?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz_OSU&gt; mdiggory: I would love something like that, but I haven't been pushing in that direction lately. WebMVC GSOC wrapped up, so I suppose I could continue maintenance on the code. (I paused during GSOC so Robert could ignore my commits as well)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We've done an experimental rework of the way XMLUI loads so that Cocoon is just treated as a View by WebMVC It actually works very well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I rewrote the Cocoon "Servlet" (all 200 lines of code) to be a Spring WebMVC View</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This means that one can execute  a WebMVC controller then forward to cocoon for rendering the resulting presentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz_OSU&gt; aha, thanks for the translation, (my head got stuck)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz_OSU&gt; forwarding to cocoon, means that we keep XSLT + XMLUI themes ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; In theory, it means that some of the cocoon flowscript stuff can be rewritten out of javascript.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz_OSU&gt; Where does the DRI doc get built? Normally thats an xmlui-api aspect pumping things into a doc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thats all the same still.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; no change.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; from the peanut gallery, I declare that this sounds awesome :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The work just rips a bunch of control away from the cocoon servlet and instead delegates it to Spring WebMVC....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; THis is the "hardcoded" version.... <a href="https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/xmlui/src/main/java/org/dspace/springmvc/CocoonForwardController.java">https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/xmlui/src/main/java/org/dspace/springmvc/CocoonForwardController.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but we also rewrote it so the view is in the spring servlet xml file instead of hardcoded in a controller</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/xmlui/src/main/java/org/dspace/springmvc/ResourceIdentifierController.java">https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/xmlui/src/main/java/org/dspace/springmvc/ResourceIdentifierController.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kdweeks_ (~kdweeks@2001:468:c80:a103:223:dfff:fefe:ac7d) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kdweeks_ (~kdweeks@2001:468:c80:a103:223:dfff:fefe:ac7d) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This controller remaps "/resource" URI to resolve any identifier to a DSpace resource using our "IdentifierService" that allow multiple id services to be implemented (handle, doi, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kdweeks (~Adium@2001:468:c80:a103:223:dfff:fefe:ac7d) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; web.xml just uses Spring Servlet...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/xmlui/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/web.xml">https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/xmlui/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/web.xml</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and then the spring configuration blends the WebMVC and Cocoon beans together into one applicationContext.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/xmlui/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/spring-servlet.xml">https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/xmlui/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/spring-servlet.xml</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So IMO, this approach applied in other webapps could standardize the web.xml for all webapplications in DSpace to use the Spring WebMVC controller.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So... PeterDietz_OSU one question about the DSpace webmvc stuff... I see alot of hardcoding of paths in files like this:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/webmvc/blob/master/freemarkerui-webapp/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/dspace-servlet.xml">https://github.com/DSpace/webmvc/blob/master/freemarkerui-webapp/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/dspace-servlet.xml</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ freemarkerui-webapp/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/dspace-servlet.xml at master from DSpace/webmvc - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/webmvc/blob/master/freemarkerui-webapp/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/dspace-servlet.xml">https://github.com/DSpace/webmvc/blob/master/freemarkerui-webapp/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/dspace-servlet.xml</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; any chance you guys can reduce this occurance?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz_OSU&gt; So that the mappings in dspace-servlet doesn't exist between URL and class/controller, but instead each controller is allowed to map itself based on annotations within that controller?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz_OSU&gt; I was going to add that I noticed that your web.xml had no servlet-mappings, other than to make spring do everything</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; :(  DS-768 needs to wait for post-1.8.0 :(  (just wish we could finally get this one "fixed")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-768">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-768</a> ] - [#DS-768] All XMLUI Error Pages respond with 200 OK, instead of 404 Not Found - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yep... We avoid "controlling" the controllers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This is an example of centralized configuration... which is bad for extensibility</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger has to run to an appointment, will check on this discussion later tonight, very interesting stuff.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (80cea2c6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.162.198) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kdweeks (~Adium@2001:468:c80:a103:223:dfff:fefe:ac7d) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The goal is to allow controllers to be written that can do whatever they want to, then they can forward using the DefaultAnnotationHandlerMapping to any cocoon resources</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the HttpServletRequest/Response is wrapped and passed onto Cocoon, Cocoon just sees the forwarded URI and doesn't realize everything was "mediated" by Spring</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We set the Context and DSpaceObject into the HttpServletRequest, Cocoon just sees it like it looked it up itself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Other areas we are working on are to try to find a replacement for Continuations and swap out the Multipart File Upload functionality to come from Spring instead of Cocoon, which the later is buggy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So the take home is.... Anything we can do to make the basic logic executed from a Controller be encapsulated into individual classes that can be swapped out, the easier it will be to augment the behavior at these points. I'm not so sure I'd go as far as using Spring Controllers as Business Services, but that would be a curious idea too...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm unsure why all the Controllers are in the freemarkerui-webapp and not in the WebMVC project, are they really tied to Freemarker?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz_OSU&gt; Controllers don't need freemarker, and don't do anything specific for freemarker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; oh wait... I'm wrong</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:18]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* PeterDietz_OSU sorry, gotta head home. I'll look into all of this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kool, later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz_OSU&gt; controllers *are* in webmvc --- <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/webmvc/blob/master/webmvc-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/webmvc/controller/admin/CollectionController.java">https://github.com/DSpace/webmvc/blob/master/webmvc-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/webmvc/controller/admin/CollectionController.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ webmvc-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/webmvc/controller/admin/CollectionController.java at master from DSpace/webmvc - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/webmvc/blob/master/webmvc-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/webmvc/controller/admin/CollectionController.java">https://github.com/DSpace/webmvc/blob/master/webmvc-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/webmvc/controller/admin/CollectionController.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yep I corrected myself...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz_OSU&gt; The lady, and baby await me. Peace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bojans (~Bojmen@91-118-59-116.dynamic.adsl-line.inode.at) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
