<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2011-03-09
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke1 (~kevin@adsl-235-99-153.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-235-99-153.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-235-99-153.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hitchcock.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hitchcock.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hitchcock.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hitchcock.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@62.189.56.2) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Mayank (~MnzNotebu@122.163.232.127) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-235-99-153.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-235-99-153.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-235-99-153.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Mayank (~MnzNotebu@122.163.232.127) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cccharles (~user@compy486.uoguelph.ca) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5229fe8f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.143) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@94-227-61-160.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, just a reminder that Dspace Developer Mtg starts here at top of the hour.  Here's the agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-03-09">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-03-09</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@sul272peter.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all. DSpace Developer Mtg starts now.  We'll begin with a "quick-paced" JIRA Review (2 mins max per issue).  Any volunteer to either post issues or summarize?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll start from this list of JIRA issues (beginning with DS-717): <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-717+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-717+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-96-237-109-32.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt;  no volunteers to post or summarize issues during JIRA review?  Well, I'll just begin with DS-717 and do both then :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-717">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-717</a> : Duplicated template in Kubrick theme</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I'll summarise if you want?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'll post, stuart can tally</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1 with patch DS-717</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can do it.  I was hoping someone who knows the theme would say which template should survive, but I can pick one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 for DS-717 as well, if we get a patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1 - assign to mhwood?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, if no one else claims it, assign to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; +1. mhwood could you pester the @mire guys to see if they can advise ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Kubrick was built by TDL (i believe) could talk with scottatm, but it may be that we'll just need to pick whichever template looks the most "correct"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - summary: +4, assign to mhwood?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-720">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-720</a> Solr statistics documentation in DSpace manual and DSDOC is out-of-date, wrong, and inconsistent with dspace.cfg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Why did I say that ? Wrong theme, doh !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'll take 717.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-720 - is this resolved, kshepherd?  Is there anything left to document?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; definitely needs attention +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; kshepherd is stuck on the bus at the moment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; no phone irc  ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 DS-720, I vote to assign to kshepherd (since he's on a bus) :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1 - looks like it needs to be tidied up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Kim will probably be happy to look at it, and if those parameters are still in the code, reassign to @mire</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Summary: +4, assign to kshpeherd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds like a good plan.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Just let us know if there is anything that needs to change on it (I'm one of the @mire guys)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-722">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-722</a> On login screen, keyboard input focus should be set to the first field (E-mail Address) so you don't have to use the mouse (XMLUI)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to DS-722, needs volunteer to implement &amp; test for themes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1 Andrea has supplied patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hi all, sorry for lateness</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; andrea's patch was for jspui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Is it theme independent, or per-theme implementation?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ...that was copy/paste.. ds-561 = jspui, ds-722=xmlui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Ah PeterDietz - didn't notice</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis -- not sure, to be honest.  I'd guess *independent* of theme, but needs analysis</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-100.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; volunteer to implement DS-722?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; before i grab it, how does login work when you use SSO, a seperate login page?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yes - redirected to an external login</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ...but for the default dspace-based-login, then a little JS to focus on username is fine. I can take this task</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Summary: +3, assign to PeterDietz?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-723">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-723</a> Some Browse code did not take into account the change to Authority values</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; grahamtriggs: Can you comment on this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs: can you provide examples from code?  I feel like I'm a little lost without that context</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Assign to Graham, asking for further info?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to assign to grahamtriggs, needs more details (esp. references to areas of code affected)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; i think this was during Graham's marathon code change, so it could be cloudy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-724">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-724</a> createAdministrators() and createSubmitters() should not add policies if the associated group already exists</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Summary: +1, assign to grahamtriggs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; has anyone looked at patch DS-724?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to DS-724, this sounds like a bug to me.  Needs a volunteer to analyze &amp; test patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'm not sure of the patch, but the issue is reasonable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Not sure if this is a bug.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; There is an arguement for always having uniquely named groups associated with collections</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; the patch is weird to read since the code was just moved out of an if block</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; and then add other common groups ijnto those groups.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; there doesn't seem to be any test to check for pre-existence of the groups?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ah, true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; If you allow common groups you will get Exceptions elsewhere</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; eg when you try and delete a collection.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any volunteer to analyze this further &amp; comment/report back on whether or not this is a bug?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Then Delete needs to be fixed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mhwood: possibly true.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'll take it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Summary: +1, needs more analysis.  Assign to robint.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-731">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-731</a> add the capability to indicate a withdraw reason to an item ( tombstone )</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue suggests that we move on to other topics *after* this DS-731 review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I think the main addition from the patch is being able to withdraw an item, and say either: "Removed at request of author", or "Removed at request of university"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Sounds like one where UI parity would be advisable?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to the *idea* of a withdrawn item tombstone. The code needs analysis though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, DS-731 seems to be a repeat or very similar to both DS-429 &amp; DS-587</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-587">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-587</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-429">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-429</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm wondering if instead of creating new db table, using some internal dspaceMetadataSchema that specifies some embargo/withdraw/reason data</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1 good idea, wants study, XMLUI equivalent needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; +1 to the idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, note, DCAT is currently discussing DS-587 (which seems to be this feature request).  We may want to link DS-731 up with that, and get a response from DCAT as well: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=23269796">https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=23269796</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jefftrimble (~jefftrimb@maag127.maag.ysu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; SUmmary: +3, needs more investigation and a volunteer.  Note needed about UI parity required.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok..we'll stop there for today...on to other topics!  Thanks stuartlews &amp; PeterDietz for leading that JIRA review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; either DS-587 or DS-731 should be closed as a dup... they have the same reporter. 731 seems to go into a bit more detail, but people might already be watching 587</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd -- I agree.  we need to minimally link them all together, and then decide which is the "main" one and close the others</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* JosephRhoads (42beaa61@gateway/web/freenode/ip.66.190.170.97) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK -- next topic.  GSoC 2011!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hooray</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd is keen to be a mentor</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If you've looked at the agenda, you'll see I'm working on the DuraSpace application.  Fedora &amp; DuraCloud are going to suggest projects as well this year!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; excellent</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; That's good new.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'd like to suggest we (1) start brainstorming potential projects, and (2) start locating potential mentors   I'd like to do both of these primarily on the Wiki at first, I've started to clean up our GSoC area in preparation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSpace GSoC project ideas should go here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Google+Summer+of+Code+Ideas">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Google+Summer+of+Code+Ideas</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If you are interested in volunteering to mentor this year, please add your name here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Current+Google+Summer+of+Code+Projects">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Current+Google+Summer+of+Code+Projects</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Fedora &amp; DuraCloud are going to do their own "ideas" page, and track down their own potential mentors.  We'll link everything up via our DuraSpace GSoC Wiki area: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Current+Google+Summer+of+Code+Projects">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Current+Google+Summer+of+Code+Projects</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, Chris Wilper, Bill Branan &amp; Andrew Woods will help with GSoC Administration Duties -- so, we'll have cross-administration of GSoC from all three projects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I'll be an Administrator as well, obviously)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So...any initial questions right now, or topics to discuss in regards to GSoC?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; how do we feel about projects that we've "done" before?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ie. resurrecting projects that haven't quite been finished or stable enough to get promoted as a module or make it into trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd: do you mean, how do we feel about a "repeat" project on the same topic?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; kshepherd: in favour</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds more like "follow-through".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'm mainly thinking of the REST API here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In the past, we've been fine about that, as long as the *new* version is following through (and not redoing the same thing)...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; kshepherd: in favor also</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1 too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, REST API has been a project in both 2009 and 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'm pretty keen to help get something really good by the end of this gsoc term</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, let's not lose good work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; not sure if it should be starting from scratch or building on previous work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I'd like to see it started again, rather than continued or old code picked up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I would work on trying to keep the project pool aligned with the Development Areas and Development Proposals...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll also mention that I'd *REALLY* like to see REST API in DSpace 1.8.0 -- whether that means a GSoC project, or finding one of us to complete it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Bojan really wants to see this as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'm just not so sure of all the odd sakai dependencies in the existing REST work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and so you have a resources there still to assist</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but i know bojan worked hard</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; If it isn't completed in two years, will a third complete it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Bojan continues to work hard (see his recent email to dspace-tech)...he's still supporting REST API on his own time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we pull tehm into our repo if neccessary</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; the last time i tested, it still wasn't really functional, even for read-only</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; maybe i need to test again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Eitherway - I think it is critical that it has a DSpace mentor, not a Sakai mentor this year.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis -- my worry as well.  A part of me feels REST API needs "adopting" by one or more committers.  But, I wouldn't be against having another project, as long as we make sure we gear it towards getting something "usable" (even if it's beta quality) for 1.8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yeah - I'd like to see it started again, very minimal / small / simple, get it in 1.8 and working, and then improve it over time based on a good framework.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to that... any REST API will need updates as more use cases appear, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok...other specific things to talk about with regards to GSoC 2011?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; stuartlewis: JAX-RS?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; richardrodgers: that would be my preference</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; so easy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yes - would be an excellent candidate.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, quick question while on this topic -- do any of us have time to spend on REST API work for 1.8?  Even if it's reimplementing using JAX-RS (which would be fine by me, to be honest)?   If not -- maybe we do need a GSoC project there...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, sorry... trying to tag along in the conversation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; GSoC should finish in time for 1.8?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; BOjan was mentored by both Myself and Aaron last year,</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So if we have a couple of good mentors on this, and the interest of the development community, and the intention of it being a core deliverable of 1.8, that will give us a good start.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ugh...actually, no. :)  GSoC finishes on Aug 22 and the 1.8.0 "Feature Freeze" is Aug 19</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hmm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Would it be sensible to revise that slightly, to fit with GSoC?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm ok with choosing standardized approaches for implementing REST, but I expect that even in that vein, you will find numerous possible solutions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: yeah for sure..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yea, we could stretch for meritorious GSOC stuff....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; If, GSoC is approached more directly within the release process, it can fit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so for instance, approaching design and coding with incremental additions to trunk...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep +1, and keeping everyone in the loop with those incremental additions so we cna get early testing in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; s/cna/can/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I recall there were some performance faults with certain dspace components that prevented rest from being a fit for 1.7, perhaps bugs for dspace-api components can be filled, and fixed by dspace committers. (its possible this was not the case though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt;  /s/filled/filed/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree with mdiggory -- if the project is approached differently, it could fit into 1.8.0.  But, it would need more supervision of mentors (obviously), and more involvement/feedback from our developers in general (as does any new feature)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yes - so we need to really group together an 'adopt' this if we want to see it in 1.8 - and I think it is essential we get a restfull API soon.  So count me in :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; PeterDietz: yeah... i'm not totally against using the existing code for REST. i just don't understand all the sakai dependencies or the way some of the stuff got implemented re: entities</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; there were a few things that were working.. listing item IDs in a collection, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; It part of something we need to change about our own community process as well, robint  an PeterDietz have both spoken out more for getting change into trunk earlier and allowing for some "breakage" to promote actvitiy and progress</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Even I am guilty of spending months perfecting a solution only to have to spend significant time adjusting/repairing for other changes getting in before mine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'm ok with trunk breakage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but i believe it conflicts with current 'committer guidelines'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, because I might just break it soon ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; i know mdiggory is down with some trunk breakage: <a href="https://bamboo.duraspace.org/browse/DST-TRUNK">https://bamboo.duraspace.org/browse/DST-TRUNK</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I guess I'd be cautious about student &amp; trunk-direct - it may disinhibit experimental work...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So for a project such as rest api, where the intention is for inclusion and it is quite modular and separate, do we start with the assumption that student access to trunk is the norm after coding begins and we know they know how to drive svn?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Guidelines+for+Committing">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Guidelines+for+Committing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; says "No incomplete features in Trunk, ever"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i'm ok with trunk breakage as long as it doesn't *stick around* for long periods of time (i.e.  a few hours or a day of breakage = OK, but a week could cause issues amongst us all)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; PeterDietz: ha</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* PeterDietz thinks GSoc students would be perfect guinea pigs for github</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; tdonohue++  Broken trunk is *urgent*.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We can change our "Guidelines for Committing" if there are good reasons to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mm, i'm a git/github convert since a few weeks ago</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; doh, how'd that get in trunk pfft.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm wanting to become a 'github' convert, once I find some spare cycles :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; oh, the copies got recoreded into trunk as deletions. that wasn't supposed to happen just yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok...are we good on GSoC then?  Sounds like this is slowing a bit.   REST API discussion will likely continue some next week (when I bring up a proposed DSpace Roadmap to 2.0)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; At the risk of being mistaken for mdiggory, a more modularised approach may mean that trunk gets touched less</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: agreed, getting to work on removing my foot from my mouth ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* stuartlewis must leave now - meeting in a few minutes.  Thanks and Goodbye.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next topic: (I haven't discussed this with robint yet, but) I'm starting to think we should start to assigning one or more "Backup Release Coordinators" again.  We used to do this, but it fell off somewhere along the way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; same</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; robint: yes, and that there are contracts for interfaces that shouldn't be touched within say, a maintence branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cheers all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: Certainly no complaints from me :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Main reason for having a "Backup Release Coordinator" is that the RC has someone else to collaborate with.  Also, it gets *more of us* familiar with Maven release processes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1 backup - we do need to get broader competence</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: I think, like you suggested we've just been volunteering ourselves for that role informally the last few releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the backup should / could be someone who performed a recent release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'd like to put out a call for a Backup Release Coordinator.  If you are interested, please let Robin &amp; I know.   I'd like to avoid mdiggory &amp; I always having to act as "backup" :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I would add it could be on a best efforts basis with no firm time commitment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd say the "backup" need not be someone who performed a recent release -- but it doesn't hurt :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; "Release Mentor?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 -- I'd agree, no firm time commitment.  Generally, the "backup" should just act in a supporting role for the Release Coordinator.   The "backup" should also be sure to learn the release processes, so that he/she can provide help when the Release Coordinator needs help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (obviously, others of us who've done releases before will also continue to provide support as needed too...but, this gets more of us familiar with releases in general)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I do have a few notes to add for 1.7.1, as in bugs that should get looked at</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok...sounds like we're all generally in favor.  I'll send a request for a backup to dspace-commit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; go ahead, PeterDietz with 1.7.1 updates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ksheperd needs spring-experts to verify his solution to SWORD+Discovery incompatibility (i.e. other webapps need to become sprung) <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-785">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-785</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this is why I suggest (not as a formal policy) that the previous release manager makes the best candidate to provide backup support.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; 1.7.0 may have broken things with <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-821">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-821</a> AbstractMETSIngester creates an item before adding descriptive metadata</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; did kshepherd already leave?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yes i think so</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: although that's "ideal", I'm hesitant to require it, as it means volunteering for *one* release would mean you are also volunteering for the next one :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; yeah, he and stuart had a meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Also, I'm willing to let slide things that have been broken with 1.5, 1.6, etc and somewhat focus and bugs created by 1.7.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-821 status - I'm on it, but I need more time in my day :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If anyone wants to help *test* DS-821 (I have a potential fix, which I haven't posted quite yet), please let me know!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Thats the tao of volunteering.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; once you start, you can't stop... you want to do more</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I've finally gotten the hang of badgering people to commit stuff, and reviewing jira for bugs, so I'll toss my hat in the ring to be robint's sidekick for 1.8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; how could you add descriptive metadata to an item before creating it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Thanks PeterDietz !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kinda a chicken and egg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; We are waiting to hear more from the OP about searching LDAP - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-835,">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-835,</a> it could either be a mis-configuration, or an introduced bug, I haven't reviewed it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- title of DS-821 should say "AbstractMETSIngester *installs* an item before adding descriptive metadata"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: I can look at DS-821...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, just read it...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; PeterDietz: much appreciated. I'll try and keep the badgering to a minimum :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers -- would appreciate it.  I have a potential fix, and can post as a patch to DS-821.  But, it's as of yet untested, and I haven't found time to do so this week (with GSoC, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'll pick up the patch then, tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good, I'll post patch later today (hopefully) and ping you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, while I got you here, and I've managed to break the trunk last night I want to get a feel for if I should just follow through with the rest of the commit to support the dspace-model project in the dspace-api or if I should roll back the deletions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  One last thing I wanted to mention today.  U of Minho just posted a series of patches of all the various "addons" they've built in recent years.   There's some interesting stuff there for us to look at.  So, I'd like to encourage anyone who is interested to start testing/evaluating their work.  Could be "easy" features for 1.8, but definitely need review &amp; discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; changes will (1) move 3-4 Interfaces and the Constants class to dspace-model, then add interfaces to all the DSpaceObject class signatures</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I guess I'd like to know more, before seeing it in trunk, broken or not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Is it in a branch/sandbox anywhere?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; just for info - is it Uni of Minho ? or the commercial offspring ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; not that it matters</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: its in my workspace ATM</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I can produce a patch and post it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Could you publish it somewhere?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint, I think it's actually *both*.  patches are from U of Minho &amp; RCAAP</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the changes are meant to be very lightweight for the DSpaceObject model itself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mdiggory: patch is fine too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'm all in favour of encouraging them, so I'll try and look time permitting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; it intorduces the external Interfaces and services to get at the DSpace resources, which then allows you addon to not have to depend directly on dspace-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; it will allow us to move dspace-statistics and dspace-discovery back to the "modules" workspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: I'd appreciate it.  I think the "OAI-Extended" patch (DS-829) is especially interesting, as it makes  us compliant with DRIVER and OpenAIRE Guidelines (which I know may be more important in Europe than here in the USA, but it's still worth doing)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mdiggory: if we are commited to the new architecture I think we need to be a bit gungho or it will never come to reality</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; likewise, over a couple versions we can rewrite the dspace-xmlui and other webapps to rely on dspace-model, allowing us to attain the "asyncronous release" process in trunk... or, more accurately, maintain projects used by trunk outside of trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; all this is being borrowed directly from the DAO prototype (but with some changes / simplification on my part)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Unfortunately got to go. Cheers all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes we're over time.  Feel free to head out if you need to.  Next week is a meeting on DSpace RoadMap to 2.0 (I will post a proposed RoadMap later this week).  I'm sticking around for what mdiggory is talking about.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Actually we wind up with a whole grove of trunks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the objective is to get this in so that the tool can be used by others in the rest of the work for 1.8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (5229fe8f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.143) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok.. I"m going to post a small sample of the rest of the changes in a pastebin...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I have to go - but I really would like a way of reviewing a change this big - I had some large issues with the DAO prototype. Can it not be published somewhere?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Bye all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-96-237-109-32.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes... I was creating a JIRA ticket just before I realized the trunk was broke...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think you need to define "published" a little more precisely.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This is the patch of the "Bridge" shim that makes the DSpaceObject static methods look like they are supported by a DAO</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://pastebin.com/Mm7jKAzp">http://pastebin.com/Mm7jKAzp</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; it is a separate dspace-impl project in trunk atm, but doesn't need to be.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; all it does is delegate CRUD DAO calls to the original DSpaceObject that the static method exists on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; next patch coming...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; These are the signatures applied to the DSpaceObjects...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://pastebin.com/rze8DLsJ">http://pastebin.com/rze8DLsJ</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@94-227-61-160.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; But it also includes a change to DCValue... making it inherit MetadataValue and moving the exposed public fields into it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this will allow us to redo any code that uses DCValue to use MetadataValue and drop that class finally from the code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Does that mean that eventually we wind up distributing @Deprecated from DCValue over all the stuff that moved into MetadataValue?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; no, DCValue would be removed in favor of MetadataValue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Actually I see that the answer is "not eventually; now".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So (most of) the deprecation warnings don't go away yet, but we can squish them one field at a time.  OK.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, the path becomes obvious, we can leave the fields there and just migrate stuff completely, but I needed MetadataValue to be returned by the IItem.java api, not DCValue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; because we need the API, not some concrete class with exposed fields in it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, the first step in really replacing DCValue is that something starts returning MetadataValue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; right, in fact it starts returning IMetadataStatement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-model/trunk/src/main/java/org/dspace/services/dao/model/IMetadataStatement.java">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-model/trunk/src/main/java/org/dspace/services/dao/model/IMetadataStatement.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-model/trunk/src/main/java/org/dspace/services/dao/model/IItem.java">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-model/trunk/src/main/java/org/dspace/services/dao/model/IItem.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; IMetadataStatement[] getMetadata(String mdString);</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jefftrimble (~jefftrimb@maag127.maag.ysu.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I see.  Re-lurking now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if you look at line 366 of <a href="http://pastebin.com/rze8DLsJ">http://pastebin.com/rze8DLsJ</a> you will see that we make Item return MetadataValue objects instead of DCValue objects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hhhh (5229fe8f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.143) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; one challenge I do see with overhauling the DCValue / Metadata is that in some placed the DCValue are created rather loosely, while in others MetadataValue / MetadataField assures that we care getting valid Registry Metadata Fields.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So the change is good from that POV too. :-/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; right, cleaning that up means the code in DSpace needs to properly look up the field.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not just spooge out whatever is in the sql table or accepting whatever came from the html form / packager.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hhhh (5229fe8f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.143) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but doing so sets the stage for us creating a formal authority controll api as well... we can begin to "type" the values, and with authority keys, possibly provide pointers out to "authority records"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but thats further down the road... right now the goal is to get the api extracted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Back now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I see someone mentioned DS-835 (LDAP not working in 1.7).  I've not yet had any feedback from the reporter, and it works for me, so shall I close it, and leave a message about being welcome to re-open it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-835">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-835</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis -- I'd say close DS-835 with a message saying it can be reopened later as needed (if there is a bug).   In general, I'm in favor of closing issues quickly when possible, so they don't sit around open forever :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Ok - will do so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: i'm back</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Thanks for the METS patch - I'll try and find time to test it next week.  Pester me if I don't :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hey...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; will do, stuartlewis... I quickly created that DS-821 fix monday morning, but have been pulled away since then, and haven't had a chance to test it as well as I want to myself.  So, I figured I'd try to "crowdsource" some of the testing. I hope to get back to it later this week to do my own further testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Must go.  Thanks....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: RE: spring/services/sword/slf4j/etc, i think i just need to release another dspace-solr artifact with fixed slf4j dependencies?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, I thought you had worked out the revisions and determined it was a Servicemnager startup issue, note you do not need to do what your doing in the ticket with a spring application context to start the service manager, whats done with creating the applicationContext is done in xmlui and jspui to have UsageEvents recordable in the UI.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; SWORD and other apps do not use UsageEvents and don't need it enabled</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hmm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; maybe i need to revisit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis_ (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; if i don't do the spring stuff in sword, i get dspace kernel init exceptions whenever it tries to fire a "new item" usage event</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 250 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis_ is now known as stuartlewis</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, that sounds more like a bug in the Event system, possibly cause because there are no EventListeners?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but, also sounds like your getting the spring application context in xmlui and jspui confused with the context listener in the web.xml that starts the kernel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt;  &lt;!-- kernel start listener (from impl), starts up the kernel for standalong webapps --&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt;   &lt;listener&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt;      &lt;listener-class&gt;org.dspace.servicemanager.servlet.DSpaceKernelServletContextListener&lt;/listener-class&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt;   &lt;/listener&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; that sounds likely ;) all i know is that if i configure SWORD the way i have, i can ingest new items, and have the Events fired so that those new items appear in teh discovery index. if i don't, i get an exception and the item is never ingested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'll start again and try to simplify things so that i'm just configuring the context listener</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Thats the problem with having two different event systems, you don't know which is being referred to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; configuring the Discovery Consumer is in the dspace.cfg and not the webapplication</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; try just using the listener and not all the other spring stuff and see if that is sufficient</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yes, understood about the consumer config in dspac.ecfg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; will do, cheers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: hope i didn't offend re: RESTful stuff, i just have trouble following the current work -- i'll make an effort to figure it out soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; no offense, if I'm offended, its usually me thats wrong ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:26]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* stuartlewis is offended that you weren't offended. We'll have to try harder next time :p</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; We're wondering if we need to agree before GSoC what solution we want for an api (as the development community) to help ensure the success of the project getting into 1.8.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; :x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; It would then be more of an implementation project than an R&amp;D project, but hopefully we'll find a student who that would suit.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok.. think I fixed all the breakage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: I'll volunteer to give this time for a more proper review by the community on next wednesday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis -- is this specific to assuming we have a continuation REST API project for GSoC?   If so, I'd agree that such a project (if the goal was making it into 1.8) would need more immediate feedback from the developers &amp; even a suggested implementation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'd also need to make certain that such a GSoC project was "highly controlled" (in that we would need one or more highly active committers as mentors, and we'd need even more updates on status throughout GSoC)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I swear, since switching to IDEA, I've had more errors with svn commits than I ever did with Eclipse</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; not good to hear, mdiggory, as I just switched to IDEA from NetBeans :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- as for next week, are you saying you'll have your model refactoring code posted for review?  Or are you wanting to lead a discussion in the meeting itself? or both?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; You have to be brutally aware of what is going into a changeset when you commit... I thought I was being diligent, apparently if you do a drag/drop move of a file, rather than just treating it as a copy into the new location when commiting the new location, it also traces back and commits the deletion from the old location as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, that I will have a selection of patches outlining the changes,  I'm not creating a branch because the actually core code changes are minimal and should be reviewed conceptually, not built and run... its a refactoring, not new features.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; All -- I added a small clarification to the "No incomplete features in Trunk, ever" rule of our Guidelines for Committing, based on today's discussion.  Feedback welcome :) <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Guidelines+for+Committing">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Guidelines+for+Committing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- sounds good. Please post the patches to JIRA, so that we can better track them :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think what we should say about trunk is that your changes have to be well thought out before attempting them, not half-baked experiments on trunk.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; for instance, the patch I provide on trunk may encounter a few straggling issues, thats ok if the goal is to get the feature into place early.  In fact, thats generally how changes currently work, we aren't changing how we do things, we are making our rules more accurate to our actual process.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mdiggory: Yes - that's possibly my biggest issue with IDEA - it tries to be too clever sometimes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- not sure I understand the difference between what you are saying and what is in our guidelines?    A "few straggling issues" is fine...the point in the guidelines is that you should NOT be developing a larger feature primarily out of trunk (until it is stable enough / ready enough for more eyes/testing).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; maybe that isn't clear enough in those guidelines? if not, we can obviously change the wording :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; maybe we should just say "Go ahead, break the trunk, I dare ya! Make my day, sucker."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha..yea, and then one of us will accidentally commit major "breakage" just before heading off for a week or month long vacation...thus leaving the rest of us to clean up the mess :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; if you want to "break trunk" so much, why not switch over to Git?  Then you can break your own "trunk" as much as you wish, without effecting everyone else :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:06]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* stuartlewis has too much of a teenage boy sense of humour</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; stuartlewis: you won't find the git jargon any better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; "stop pulling that thing, it'll fall off"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:07]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd remembers this channel is logged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; seriously though, git can suffer the same problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis is now known as anonmous-can-say</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;anonmous-can-say&gt; That's better ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha ... um, yea.  we are logging :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* anonmous-can-say is now known as stuartlewis</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; we all fork our own repos, spend ages perfecting our solutions then end up with a bunch of merge conflicts when we submit pull requests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; so github doesn't inherently solve the problem that a lot of us (especially me!) sit on patches/commits too long</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; And it doesn't solve the problem of finding time to peer-review the patch, and to test it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; might make modules easier to work with though? (sub-modules)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:09]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* stuartlewis has noting against git BTW, I use it myself: <a href="http://github.com/stuartlewis/">http://github.com/stuartlewis/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; nothing*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Submodules are one of the things that cause me most pain.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; oh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'll shut up then ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea .. no technology can completely solve what is actually a social problem (sharing/reviewing, that whole feedback loop)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; EasyDeposit has swordapp-php-library as a submodule.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; (Pain that is probably mostly self-inflicted probably!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well...gotta head out now &amp; start some dinner preparation. have a good one, all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; stats on demo.dspace.org hasn't been working for a while?</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>