<span class="irc-date">[0:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* gsoc_ajhall (~darkmatte@acad54185.wireless.uic.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* gsoc_ajhall (~darkmatte@acad54185.wireless.uic.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sbayliss (~IceChat7@188-222-88-173.zone13.bethere.co.uk) Quit (Ping timeout: 250 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* guilhermekfe (~guilherme@189.73.205.136) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-66-159.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robertqin (~robertqin@nusnet-194-127.dynip.nus.edu.sg) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; hello there...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; I am a student from the National University of Singapore</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; a year 3 information system students</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; and I am very interested to take part in the JSPUI rewrite project under GSOC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; I am developed enterprise applications before</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; and the main reason why I am interested in this project is because I have a habit of incorporating scriplet logic in my JSP pages</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; and I am interested to find out more on how DSpace technologies can help me overcome that...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; I was wondering if anyone here could advice me on the specifics on the required DSpace components required</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:56]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:56]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:56]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:56]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:56]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robertqin (~robertqin@nusnet-194-127.dynip.nus.edu.sg) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* guilhermekfe (c889c59e@gateway/web/freenode/ip.200.137.197.158) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* william_caiyun (da4f7067@gateway/web/freenode/ip.218.79.112.103) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-66-159.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* william_caiyun (da4f7067@gateway/web/freenode/ip.218.79.112.103) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* krnl_ (Andrius@193.219.34.106) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* guilhermekfe (c889c59e@gateway/web/freenode/ip.200.137.197.158) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@sul272peter.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.28.210) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-100.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.28.210) Quit (Quit: sandsfish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.28.210) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Reminder, DSpace Devel Mtg here at top of hour.  Here's today's agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-03-30">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-03-30</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2011-03-30 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-03-30">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-03-30</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@sul272peter.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (50c01881@gateway/web/freenode/ip.80.192.24.129) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@94-227-61-160.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all.  DSpace Developer Mtg starting now.  Today's agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-03-30">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-03-30</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2011-03-30 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-03-30">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-03-30</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll kick things off with a JIRA "Quick Review" (~2min per issue), through this list of issues: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-756+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-756+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-756">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-756</a> ] - [#DS-756] Mirage theme, My Account context lists menu point submissions even if no unfinished submissions or workflow tasks are available - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-756+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-756+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And, kompewter very nicely put in the first issue up for review, DS-756</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-756">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-756</a> ] - [#DS-756] Mirage theme, My Account context lists menu point submissions even if no unfinished submissions or workflow tasks are available - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@18.111.4.50) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Think we should set that one to "won't fix"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thoughts on Ds-756?  I'm not sure this is really a bug, based on Ben Bosman's comments</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Or change it to feature request. invite feature for someone to develop,</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Agree.  Maybe the "Submissions" link title is unclear?  Dunno what else to use, though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Split into "My submissions" and "submit an item"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Or leave alone and check the documentation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, without the submissions view, you have to submit via the link in the collection view.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Submit to this collection is actually something that should be in the "Context" menu</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; unsure -- suggest marking "won't fix", but ask Claudia to open a separate feature request if she has suggestions on improved usability</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not in the body of the page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (can also add a comment about mhwood's suggestion of splitting this up into two menu items)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It sounds like the "won't fix"es have it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its already partially split... could use some cleanup....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; switch to feature request and leave out there for someone to enhance... its actually a good idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving on to next issue for now, DS-757</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-757">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-757</a> ] - [#DS-757] Mirage theme - managing of subscriptions - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; +1 idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Turn it into a feature request, as commented.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Here we are again... should be in the Context Menu of the collection</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not in the page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1 feature request, as noted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 idea, should be feature request</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1 idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; can we change the name so we are not saying "Mirage Theme" on all these?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; in the left hand column or not, there should be some way to subscribe to current "container" from current page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ds-757 summary: +4 to idea, switch it to a feature request  (we can also switch Ds-756 to feature request similarly)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next one: DS-759</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-759">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-759</a> ] - [#DS-759] Add the ability to copy to self of feedback - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to idea, switch to a feature request again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; +1, sounds reasonable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1 feature request</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; User clicks feedback, fills in body, hits submit. Then only the administrators get email, submitter is left in the dark until they get a follow-up response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; +1 idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ds-759 summary: +5, switch to feature request</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up: DS-762</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-762">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-762</a> ] - [#DS-762] Add getter methods to objects, even if they have public fields - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; Seems pretty easy and straightforward and harmless.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I actually have this int he domain model</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* JRhoads (~jrhoads@160.10.15.22) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; OK in principal - but I'd want to see concrete proposal. There are intentionally packaged scoped accesses....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-core/trunk/api/src/main/java/org/dspace/content/IMetadataField.java">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-core/trunk/api/src/main/java/org/dspace/content/IMetadataField.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, add comment relating back to domain model refactoring? (mdiggory, is there a JIRA issue for domain model stuff yet that we can relate it to?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; This one would be followed up by remove usages of public fields? or wait until some overarching effort does that anyway?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; jira.dspace.org</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; doh, wrong window</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Heh, it's not just me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-845">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-845</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-845">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-845</a> ] - [#DS-845] Support for DSpace Domain Model Interfaces - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [#DS-845] Support for DSpace Domain Model Interfaces - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-845">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-845</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ds-762 summary - should be related to Ds-845.  Most seem ok with this 'in principal', but more specifics may be necessary</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up: DS-764</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-764">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-764</a> ] - [#DS-764] OAI-PMH ListRecords false no result answer and missing resumptionToken - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; what is proper behavior per spec?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmmm... sounds like a bug, but it'd be nice if someone could verify this (and compare to spec)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue isn't sure what "proper behavior" is here..anyone?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; the patch itself seems relatively minimal &amp; looks harmless at a glance..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any volunteer for Ds-764?  Needs analysis &amp; verification of proper response based on spec</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ds-764 Summary: Leave open, needs volunteer. Does patch follow 'proper behavior' per OAI-PMH spec? (Need someone to check and verify that)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; morning all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll stop there for today...as we are at 20min</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hi kshepherd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; hey</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Spec speaks of "deleted" records but not "unauthorized", which is what I thought "indisseminable" means....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next topic: first off, a congrats to us all on the 1.7.1 release! (thanks PeterDietz for sticking with it despite various Maven issues, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yay</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yes congrats PeterDietz !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; [applause]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; The maven-monkey business for actually pulling off the whole releasing is not as scary as it looks, so I recommend all to not be afraid of it. (you may get bit a few times though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; thanks PeterDietz!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The Maven release issues we hit during 1.7.1 have all been resolved, and were not a fault of our "release procedure".  Rather, they were the fault of accidental misconfiguration &amp; typos in a few pom.xml files (whoops!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;JRhoads&gt; Yes.  Thank you PeterDietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ...also, I want to thank my agent, the directors, the creative team at duraspace, @mire, New Zealand folks for being awake, and .... (band starts playing to shoo me off-stage)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd reaches out a shepherd's crook</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; for next release coordinator robint I recommend upgrading your computer so you don't fall asleep doing all the release/perform steps</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; PeterDietz: Noted :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, next bigger topic I wanted to bring up is our next release.  I'd like to suggest moving right to 1.8.0 now (i.e. skip over 1.7.2), unless we hit upon a major issue in 1.7.1 (fingers crossed, hopefully we won't).  Thoughts?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; but hopefully no silly bugs have crept into 1.7.1, I'm now excited to get people to upgrade, and hopefully get some traction behind things like curation tasks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That's exactly what point releases are for, no?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; correct.  I guess the question is -- how long do we want to continue doing updates to *2* places in SVN (1.7.x branch &amp; trunk), and when do we just switch to *trunk only* work...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'd like to see a minimal number of 1.7.1 installs before we breathe easy...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; agreed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; but pending that, it sounds reasonable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well -- there's two options as I see them...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (1) Keep working in 2 places in SVN until we feel we can "breathe easy"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I wouldn't work on 1.7.x (for 1.7.2) unless we've found something solely worthy of a release. i.e. focus effort on making 1.8 awesome, something blows up, then 1.7.x gets attention</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; PeterDietz++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; also you can say .addpoint PeterDietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; oops, Tim fell off</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; PeterDietz: that's not as cool though ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sorry all, I somehow got booted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; and when i say cool i mean nerdy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; .addpoint kshepherd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; kshepherd: +1/-0, 1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; IOW if you find something in 1.7.x that is worth another release, fix it there and be sure it's okay in trunk; otherwise just work in trunk.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As I was saying, two options:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (1) Keep working in 2 places in SVN until we feel we can "breathe easy"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OR, 2) Only work out of Trunk, BUT make a promise to revisit 1.7.x branch *if and only if* there is a major bug that needs immediate release in a 1.7.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep i'm +1 on that :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; +1 for option2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; +1 for #2, for simplicity</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (uh yeah i meant 2 too)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1 #2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yea, I'm hoping that it won't be too long, so the tracking behind (2) should not be onerous</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz has said the same thing as I did, in my option #2 (just in a different way)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, sounds like it's official then, Commits now move to Trunk.  No more commits to 1.7.x branch, unless we discover something worthy of an immediate 1.7.2 release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; for 1.8 do we have ideas for what the milestones/betas will be? I imagine they'll have a load of changes from services / DAO?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I'll also send a note about this decision to dspace-commit for others who didn't make this meeting)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The originally "suggested" 1.8 milestones are on the wiki here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.8.0+Notes#DSpaceRelease1.8.0Notes-TimelineandProceeding">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.8.0+Notes#DSpaceRelease1.8.0Notes-TimelineandProceeding</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 1.8.0 Notes - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.8.0+Notes#DSpaceRelease1.8.0Notes-TimelineandProceeding">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.8.0+Notes#DSpaceRelease1.8.0Notes-TimelineandProceeding</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I've heard from several folks that there are concerns about the idea of "Beta" releases.  Already, we've had people misunderstand what we originally meant by "beta"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; For instance, I joined the DCAT meeting last month, and I had questions around whether we were having a feature freeze really early, so that we could ensure all features were in the first "beta"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Yup, a colleague commented to me that "1.8 is being released in June"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; "We think this revision works.  If you break it, tell us how."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm now also concerned about this "beta" release idea -- if you recall, initially we saw these as "early releases" which do not necessarily include all the changes or features in the final 1.8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I was thinking of betas not as complete frozen releases, but feature previews</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; instead of beta, how about alpha? (wondering if that changes peoples minds at all)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; intended to allow for longer community input</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; The problem is that it would be labelled 1.8 alpha, or beta, or whatever</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I should reword what I said:  I *like* the idea of having some sort of "feature preview" mini-releases, but I don't think we should call them "beta" o</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; if we make feature freezes even earlier, won't that potentially result in *fewer* features? (alhtough it should mean that the features that do make it in a more stable/tested)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Its the 1.8 bit that is misleaading</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd -- wasn't suggesting doing an early feature freeze -- that was a misunderstanding from DCAT.  They thought that a feature freeze would be *preceding* the first beta release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I would decouple freezing from releasing - early on we can do latter without former</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; no real need for feature freeze, other than we don't cut a release while the build is failing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; robint: good thinking</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; theres probably a good term we can come up with that doesn't include version number</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; a 'codename' focused on the date or the features, not the final release tag</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; dspace-11-05 (YY-MM)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aha, that's an idea. codenamed early releases :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; DSpace Dietz Alpha</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;JRhoads&gt; Yeah. I think something that involves the date would be helpful.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; What's the difference between "DSpace 11-05" or "DSpace primal scream" and "DSpace 1.8.0 beta"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; dspace-hamburger-hill H=8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; or maybe just "1.8.0 early preview"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mhwood: in terms of perception, i think robint was suggesting that the 1.8.0 makes people ignore the rest of the name and go "oh, 1.8.0 in [X date]"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; maybe just OR demo DSpace?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; and i tend to agree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; kshepherd: yup</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Call it 1.7.9[0-9], like X.org does?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmm... worried about numbering it with 1.7.x though, as it will likely (hopefully) have a few different features, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; If they are true tested releases with new features then they should be called 1.8, 1.9 etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Maybe we do just do this by date -- "DSpace 11-05, an early preview of what is to come in 1.8"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;JRhoads&gt; Yeah.  Il ike the idea of the minor version number as a bug fix.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, /me doesn't get why numbers are so confusing, too long in this business.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, we've gone on too long here.  let's table, and brainstorm on our own</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next topic: GSoC 2011</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Updates: we already have 4 applications in! (all for Dspace, so far)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; do tell</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; so.. the ideas i was brainstorming on the ideas page hasn't really had a lot of feedback or votes up/down from anyone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; first, here's the project ideas here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/DSpace+Summer+of+Code+Ideas">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/DSpace+Summer+of+Code+Ideas</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Summer of Code Ideas - Google Summer of Code - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/DSpace+Summer+of+Code+Ideas">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/DSpace+Summer+of+Code+Ideas</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; there are a few that probably don't deserve a full slot</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; as kshepherd notes, we really haven't voted on these yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i've taken my name off a bunch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;JRhoads&gt; Have any emerged as favorites among the applicants?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Agreed - we need to choose which projects are most important to us.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; a lot of people are joining IRC/mailng list and expressing interest in teh JSPUI rewrite</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Favourite so far is jspui rewrite, but that probably isn't favourite amongst the community?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but i think that's just because it mentions a bunch of known, popular tech</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, the ones that already have a student application in on them are: 2 apps for "JSPUI rewrite", 1 app for "RTMP A/V Streaming", and 1 app for "Improve Submitter User experience"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; stuartlewis: exactly, it's a favourite among students</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but might not be best choice for a slot ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Agreed - so do we need to trim our list down to the projects that we would be most keen to see developed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i didn't realise DuraCloud already did RTMP streaming when i put that idea up, though i'm still kinda keen on it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd -- I think that DSpace should support RTMP streaming even *without* DuraCloud, to be honest.   DuraCloud should just be one source</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: yeah for sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; stuartlewis: in order to steer students to high-value projects?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; richardrodgers: Yes, exactly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: i was wondering if it could mean a sub-project for a specialised dspace player, without concentrating so much on the red5 backend</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but both works</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; If we don't steer them, we might be left i nthe situation of having good students with bad projects, and bad students with good projects, and it makes it hard to decide.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (one issue i've had in the red5 + generic player testing i've done myself is with authZ)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; How does HTML5 impact the streaming stuff?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 stuartlewis</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; so yeah i'd love to hear votes or comments on the ideas that are there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yes - should we rank them?  And mark them as such, to help guide the students?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Do we want to do a quick run-down &amp; vote on some of these (really quick +1 = I like it, 0 = not sure, -1 = against it)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; tdonohue: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mhwood: i'd say it could impact hte players, but i'm not sure if browser support is quite there yet to replace flash? definitely worth considering</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; stuartlewis: I don't think that tdonohue is a GSoC project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I'll post them in order here, please vote quickly on each, just your opinion of it's usefulness: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/DSpace+Summer+of+Code+Ideas">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/DSpace+Summer+of+Code+Ideas</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Summer of Code Ideas - Google Summer of Code - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/DSpace+Summer+of+Code+Ideas">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/DSpace+Summer+of+Code+Ideas</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I dunno - we could make 5 of him - that would be great?!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "Enhanced RESTful API" project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; REST +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; REST +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; REST +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;JRhoads&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; REST+1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, looks like most approve of REST API.  Next one...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; JSPUI rewrite project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; +1, with the caveat that if it doesn't happen this year, it should happen outside gsoc (3 years is enough!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; crap, my vote was for REST</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; JSPUI: 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; JSPUI: 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; JSPUI: 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;JRhoads&gt; JSPUI: 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; JSPUI: 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; JSPUI: 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; JSPUI: 0.001</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, looks like we are all not so interested in a new JSPUI (or we just don't care)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next one..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "WebMVC (Freemarker) UI development" project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; + 0.5</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; WebMVC: 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Freemarker +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; +1 because I think Graham would welcome some help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd lean slightly  towards +1 here, as I'd like to see new UIs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; WebMVC +1 (better son-of-JSPUI)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; freemarker +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;JRhoads&gt; WebVMC: +1 new UIs would be great</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, most seem in favor of WebMVC...next one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "Modular configuration" project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; 0 - not a student project, infrastructure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; note that modular config also ivolves move to configurationservice</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to *idea*, but worried about "size of project" (plus, no mentor volunteer yet -- it would need tight control)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 0: Ditto same reason as richardrodgers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; actually, richardrodgers is probably right, this really is core infrastructure ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Configuration:  0, size worries, good idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I think I agree with richardrodgers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so we are all worred about "Modular config" as a student project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;JRhoads&gt; 0, I reallylike the project but not fot GSOC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "MySQL support" project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; MySQL: 0, but might be taken care of in other re-wroking DSpacey 2 type stuff?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mysql: on it's own.. too small as a gsoc project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; with DAO, could work?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; MySQL 0, DAO momentum +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; mysql:  0, dependent on DAO work not yet available?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +0.5 (though as mdiggory notes in comments, has overlap with some of the Domain model stuff)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd feels as though he should abstain from most of these :P</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; If done, should be part of larger abstraction, not one-off in current code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- looks like there are also concerns about MySQL (though may be a way to create a project which helps with larger abstraction?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; DAO pursuant of a cleaner mysql sol</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "Pluggable bitstream storage" project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue thinks kshepherd should still vote  on these, even if he suggested them :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1, get rid of our SRB dependencies.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; 0, no mentors, conflicts with duracloud probably</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; richardrodgers already did this, yes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; bitstream: moderately interested, wondering where it affects duracloud, s3 would be nice though possibly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mhwood: yes, just needs integration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Got to go unfortunately, cheers all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers, so this is done?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry guys I'm going to have to review this and answer questions afterwards. I've been pulled away from the meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ok then, -1 # already done but not committed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;JRhoads&gt; me too.  Lab is closing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; It would be interesting to get dspace installed into google app engine, which would require bitstream pluggable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (50c01881@gateway/web/freenode/ip.80.192.24.129) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; essentially yes, and I'd agree with stuartlewis, it's a way ti shed the SRB dependencies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; ti-&gt;to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, then it sounds like "Pluggable storage" is already done / has dependencies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up: "Usage statistics reports" project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; a big +1 from me. Love the idea of charts &amp; better reports</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; statistics graphics +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; stats +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I can assist moderately</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* JRhoads (~jrhoads@160.10.15.22) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (and has 2 mentors :))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I have some code for the aggregation stuff, not 100% done yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; have been working on stats for the last weeks, so happy to help mentor this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds like a good student project.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, looks like wide agreement that "usage statistics reports" is a good idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up: "RTMP A/V streaming integration" project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; here's my stab at dspace graphics: <a href="https://picasaweb.google.com/pdietz84/OSULibrariesDSpaceDesigns#5572201645324819106">https://picasaweb.google.com/pdietz84/OSULibrariesDSpaceDesigns#5572201645324819106</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Picasa Web Albums - Peter Dietz - OSU Libraries... ] - <a href="https://picasaweb.google.com/pdietz84/OSULibrariesDSpaceDesigns#5572201645324819106">https://picasaweb.google.com/pdietz84/OSULibrariesDSpaceDesigns#5572201645324819106</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; RMTP: +1, have had some good students enquire about this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; RTMP: +1 from me (and DuraSpace).  We would like to see DSpace be able to serve up A/V content from DuraCloud (which also supports RTMP)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (it's a topic that can get people interested/motivated too)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; RTMP +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; looks like wide agreement that "RTMP" is also a good project idea.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up: "New UI built over RESTful services" project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ok, so Bojans submitted this but has since indicated on dspace-tech that the API itself isn't finished/working</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; so -1 until we have a stable REST API</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; agreed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmm...yea, that would be a problem, if it's dependency is not ready yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'd second kshepherd, let's get RESTAPI going first</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, concerns then on "New UI over REST"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up: "Accessibility" project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; accessibility: +1, i really like this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to better accessibility, good idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; +1, always sorely needed, never given enough attention.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; and Bojan has contacts with an instituite in croatia that has a real need for it, would be a great pilot for it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (though we may need to better scope exactly *which* of the ideas would be implemented, there's a lot of good ideas here)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so general agreement that Accessibility is a good one..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1, hope we could attract students</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up: "Scriptable Curation Tasks" project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Curation tasks - good idea, but maybe not enough for a whole summer?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; this might not be big enough for GSoC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; depends on how many tasks you write, correct?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but is still cool :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; maybe they can spend rest of summer making curation tasks?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; cool idea - we haven't done multilanguage on JVM in DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; when I suggested this I meant more that the GSoC student would write the infrastructure, not necessarily tasks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Doesn't it need a framework for running the tasks first?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; but I understand if people think it's not big enough for GSoC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd see this as two main things: (1) adding in the "framework" to actually allow someone to script Curation tasks, and the (2) write a few same tasks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (2) write a few *sample* tasks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; tdonohue: exactly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thoughts on this? still "too small"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; it fits a nice niche of something that is likely to be completed and committed to core though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; +1 # i like it, maybe not as high priority as others like REST, but i like it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I'll vote on it.  I like the idea: +1 (agree with PeterDietz that I can see this as something that could be committed to core eventually)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; :q</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; rats, vi commands in the chat</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; sandsfish: this isn't vi!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sandsfish is trying to quit on us...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; .rmpoint sandsfish</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; PeterDietz: I'm sorry, but I'm afraid I can't do that!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; and he didn't even save changes!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; .rmpoint kompewter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; kompewter: +1/-2, -1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There might be a good deal of work figuring out a nice set of supporting features to make scripting comfortable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  Some concerns about "Scriptable Curation Tasks" project.  Many seem in favor, but some feel it might be "too small" a project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; any other votes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Last one: "Improve Submitter User Experience" project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Another basket of popular ideas.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes that this one was suggested *by* a student, on our duraspace-gsoc listserv.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; submission: 0, i prefer spending effort on sword, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; a little vague....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I do admit that DSpace submitter UI is not so friendly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; so ditch it ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it's vague cause I just "threw" something up there...it needs more fleshing out, to be honest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; OSU is working on those things though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; &lt;/sword bias&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; .rmpoint kshepherd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; kshepherd: +1/-1, 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; .rmbot kompewter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz, is this stuff that OSU has already done then (and wanting to share with all)? or would a student project still be helpful in some areas?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I gotta go - thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cheers richard</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@18.111.4.50) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; One thing to think about with all this - how many sots are we (DSpace) likely to get, as part of the overall allocated slots for Duraspace?  Assuming maybe 2 slots, which would be our very top projects we'd love to see?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue sorry to go over time here -- just really wanting to get through this GSoC conversation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; help can always be appreciated, first you gotta do lots of usability studies. We've done some here of random users/submitters</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; gotta run, later all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; :wq</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.28.210) Quit (Quit: sandsfish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; sandsfish++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; he saved us that time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Didn't even know I was endangered.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; So, its a possible one to use help on, I would like more community buy in then me though perhaps</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- guess the question here is, being an "expert" in this area, would you want to be a mentor here? or, is it just not "ready" enough for this GSoC?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mhwood: as long as mhwood~ is still around, i guess we can always rescue you...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue thinks improved Submission UI is a good idea, just trying to figure out if we have someone interesteed in mentoring this sort of project, or if we just not worry about it for GSoC 2011</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@94-227-61-160.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; actually I could use help in submission, there are a bunch of things that need refactoring come to think of it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I can mentor that one, with aschweer as a potential copilot</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; care to write up a better GSoC project description, when you get the chance?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; we've got plans to make major changes to submission later this year, not decided yet whether sword or within dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, to answer stuartlewis's point from a while ago.  We are requesting 7 project slots from Google.  ~4 for DSpace (as we've had 4 projects most every year), and 3 to share between Fedora &amp; DuraCloud.  We may give some back though if we don't get enough students or mentors interested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Do we have community consensus over what needs improving with submission?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; aschweer: I heard php easydeposit has security flaws that upload your materials to hackers in China, and that the sword has major performance problems, and that dspace ui is the way to go (eat that kshepherd)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; PeterDietz: I'll keep that in mind when I investigate which way to take ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; you what</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- we're devolving into arguments.  I wish sandsfish was here to save us</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i can't tell if this is a joke</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sword performance problems:  JIRA please.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; and if i can't, maybe the random IR people/DCAT people rading this meeting log can't either</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* PeterDietz I'm just making that up, since we're locally not on sword. easydeposit is actually really awesome</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think we might as well close up for today.  Sorry for the long meeting.  Just wanted to get some general consensus on GSOC projects (and I think we got much closer).  Ideas &amp; mentors still welcome!!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, must dash anyway.  Thanks, all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue says meeting is officially closed, but feel free to hang out and continue with discussions.  I'll be here for a while</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cheers all, i gotta run too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, and if you know of any good students, try to get them into GSoC! :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; for submission, did anything come of the work on type-based submission (from last year-ish)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- get in touch with richardrodgers.  He's working on refactoring that 'type-based submission' stuff into his "Context Guided Ingest" work: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/CGIProposal">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/CGIProposal</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ CGIProposal - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/CGIProposal">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/CGIProposal</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; on a related note: is there a good way to find out what submission improvements have been suggested and what the status on them is?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I have a bunch of things that the users at 'my' 4 repositories are unhappy with wrt submission, but haven't had the time yet to sort through them properly and to decide how to go forward</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; just to start picking apart things I don't like about UI...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke1 (~kevin@adsl-39-66-159.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-66-159.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I don't like the file boxes when they show what you've uploaded, they seem to show less than is actually uploaded.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: grahamtriggs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Also the code that powers submission is seperate from the workflow code, which should be refactored and combined, since there is so much overlap</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@sul272peter.lib.ohio-state.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke1 (~kevin@adsl-39-66-159.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-66-159.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-100.west.biz.rr.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
