<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2011-06-22
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[1:18]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc__ (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:30]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:30]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:30]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc__ (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@host213-123-239-134.in-addr.btopenworld.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kompewter (~kompewter@sul272peter.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@sul272peter.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kdweeks (~Adium@2001:468:c80:a103:223:dfff:fefe:ac7d) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* barmintor (barmintor@specdl11.cul.columbia.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@host213-123-239-134.in-addr.btopenworld.com) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C15567.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, DSpace Devel meeting will start here in a few minutes.  Today's agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-06-22+-+Documentation+Mgmt+Discussion">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-06-22+-+Documentation+Mgmt+Discussion</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2011-06-22 - Documentation Mgmt Discussion - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-06-22+-+Documentation+Mgmt+Discussion">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-06-22+-+Documentation+Mgmt+Discussion</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (522921b0@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.33.176) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hmm... looks like Jeff Trimble hasn't joined us yet, and he's supposed to be helping to lead this discussion on 1.8 Documentation Mgmt.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; General announcements?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; PeterDietz: Any news ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In the meantime, one general announcement.  We have notes from the OR11 Face-to-face meeting posted on the wiki now: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-06-06+-+OR11+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-06-06+-+OR11+Meeting</a>  So, if you missed the meeting, you can catch up from the notes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2011-06-06 - OR11 Meeting - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-06-06+-+OR11+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-06-06+-+OR11+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; beyond that, the only other thing to mention is that I'll be working on a way in JIRA to mark an issue as "Requesting Review by DCAT" (which is something that came up at OR11 discussion).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. How about we start with a few JIRA items (to give time for Jeff to join us).  We'll do some JIRA updates till about quarter after, and if he hasn't shown by then, I can just lead the discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, here's our list of JIRA items needing review: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-819+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-819+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-819">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-819</a> ] - [#DS-819] Metadata Masking - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-819+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-819+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll begin with DS-819</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-819">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-819</a> ] - [#DS-819] Metadata Masking - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (hi mdiggory...we're reorganizing today's discussion to see if jtrimble joins us in a bit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; This is a common request at the moment which we have discussed before</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds like the Metadata For All project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This seems more a dialog about how to manage grouping metadata and applying ACL... shoulds like more of a proposal than a JIRA issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I think it comes back to who has access to what</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; IMO it should be done with Resource Policies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'd like to see a very clearly lead architectural direction on this one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; because it intersects with how metadata would be treated in the future.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@18.111.79.162) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; The problem is that we need to resolve the DCValue issue first</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Some of my prototype work for the Domain Model does solve this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mdiggory: I was hoping that might help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; it makes DCValue and MetadataValue equivalent conceptually and does away witht he public fields</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bravo...we need to "retire" DCValue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; SO that gives us the ability to say "no" and enforce it, but then we need ACLs on lots of things that don't have them now, and many more access types.  (No, I don't have lists.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sort of... I think it should have been matured rather than creating a MetadataValue class</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; refactoring will clear all the poor usage of public fields in the class.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Also need to decide:  static or dynamic inheritance of ACEs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ACE?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Access Control Entry.  What the list is made from.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you mean the ResourcePolicy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I guess so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, is Ds-819 essentially a 'sub-category' of the Domain Model / Metadata for All work? (in which case maybe we can link it back into those proposals?)  Or is it worth keeping separate?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ok... heres the dilemma IMO</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; creating Resources Policies on individual metadata fields is not going to get us the level of control we really should be striving for in describing the parts of an item</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: It already references some other Jira issues. If you want I'll assign it to myself and try and group it with other related issues.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; what is really needed are "groupings" of metadata that can be associated with DSpace Objects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and permissions are attached to those "groupings"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mdiggory: Is this the metadata bundles idea ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bundle is a bit loaded, but yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the idea is that an Item has a description that is a group of metadata,  but it also has other "groups" of metadata that are either descriptive or technical</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue is noticing we're rapidly heading into implementation details -- not sure we have time for that deep of discussion today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and if you have these "groups" of metadata and can serialize them into a representation, that representation can be stored, for instance in something like a Fedora Datastream</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Will we be able to create categories that satisfy everyone or do they need to be configurable?  (Eeeek!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or a file in an AIP</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint -- i think it would be good if you can connect this issue up to related ones (and group them together in some way)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Serialization is a separate issue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: assigned to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: no doubt... I'm just setting the stage for the need for some guided architectural roadmap/vision here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: some would be required / fixed, others would be open to the definition</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; a fixed "dc" namespace that was required would align us with Fedora easily.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So make 'em all configurable and pack the required configuration into some JAR where it's relatively hard to tinker with.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; possibly, your are on track that "serialization is a separate issue"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. Ds-819 Summary: assign to robint, who will group with related issues.  Need to bring ideas back into larger discussions (Metadata for All &amp; Domain Model work).  May need a few volunteers to start to architect this or split tasks up into smaller chunks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think that access control and convenient grouping for serialization are distinct uses of bundling/categorization.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; to poke a hole at my own proposition, the groupings may not cleanly align between what the users want control over...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Trying to stay focused on one thing at a time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I propose we move on to Documentation Management discussion now.  I can lead the discussion in Jeff's absence today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Who says that a field has to be a member of exactly one group?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but I can say that "provenance" is different than "description" and should be stored separately</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Time to go away and write up requirements for various things we want to be able to do?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Letting tdonohue move us on,</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, moving on....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood &amp; mdiggory --  I suggest maybe moving some of these thoughts into a wiki proposal (or we can do a Special Topics meeting)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  Moving on to Documentation Mgmt Discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Essentially, the root issue here is that (to this day) we still don't have good Documentation Mgmt.  Jeff has done some amazing work at helping us to get close.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; what is missing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yet, at the same time, the 1.7.0 release only had it's Docs completed because both Jeff &amp; I spent nearly 2 full days apiece (in the final week of the release) cleaning up docs, rewriting some of them, and essentially making sure they were 'acceptable'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I don't disagree, but specifically what do we need to fix?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so, is this about developers keeping up with the documentation?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Slight tangent... I'm really of the opinion that the html docs in the dspace release should go away.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; essentially the problem is twofold:  (1) developers are not keeping up with Docs, and (2) even when they are keeping up with Docs, those docs tend to be "hard to find" -- i.e. they are off on the main DSpace Wiki and are never actually moved into DSDOC (or similar)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; they create vendor branch management pain</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; so tdonohue: do we need better procedures or more hands (or both)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, part of the issue here is one of communication.  Even when developers are writing good docs, Jeff (or I) don't have a clue where to find them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd recommend a little of both -- better procedures can help with some of this.  But, we also need more hands as well (otherwise, release week ends up being "hell" for all involved)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the flow should be for someone to recognize work ongoing int he wiki and propose the developer prepare/move it to DSDOC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; By "off on the main DSpace Wiki," you mean:  in separate articles?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So then:  how does someone become aware that pages are appearing in the wiki?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Should JIRA issues reference a document in the wiki as the target for documentation?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- that's the whole problem.  Developers are creating docs in <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Home">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Home</a>  and Jeff is never notified.  So, when it comes time to do the release, Jeff has to search around to see if he can find relevant docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Home - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Home">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Home</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; at least in that case "something" is being captured</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and thats a start</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Not only that -- but sometimes docs are created off in <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Home">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Home</a> area, and they are 'incomplete' or not quite ready -- Jeff only discovers that when he goes to search for them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Home - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Home">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Home</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Guideline for release coordination:  feature freeze means your code *and documentation* must be ready for prime time (and identified), or they don't go in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, in the end.. Jeff &amp; I have a few ideas here of how to make things a bit easier</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; by off... do you mean not as a child?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood... yuck</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory, I just mean they are hidden somewhere in the DSPACE space of the wiki, when they need to be over in DSDOC for the official release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mhwood: I agree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: understood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; robint: mhwood thats a bit draconian</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Heehee, I didn't even get to "write the documentation first."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 90% of whats gone into DSpace probibly wouldn't be there if we were that rigid</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I am not sure it should be applied to the letter of the law, but the intention is good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Proposal #1:  We may need a "Developer Docs" area of the Wiki (similar to DuraCloud).  Essentially, we'd have a new DSDOCDEV space which is (initially) a copy of DSDOC space, but it's a place where developers *must* write their NEW docs for the next release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; A feature is not finished if its not documented</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: ha... ok... what about Tests! ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; For more on proposal #1 -- see the bullet point on agenda on how DuraCloud manages their docs: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-06-22+-+Documentation+Mgmt+Discussion">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-06-22+-+Documentation+Mgmt+Discussion</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2011-06-22 - Documentation Mgmt Discussion - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-06-22+-+Documentation+Mgmt+Discussion">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-06-22+-+Documentation+Mgmt+Discussion</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: I"ve actually taken to writing my docs in my personal space, then moving them out to wiki once they reach a stable representation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Essentially, DuraCloud manages their docs in two *main* Wiki Spaces.  They have the DURACLOUDDOC space (like DSDOC) which is the official documentation (for latest release of software)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; so who would own the process of DSDOCDEV-&gt;DSDOCS?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue:  those links don't seem to work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; They also have the DURACLOUDDEV space which is for the *next* release of the software (the DSDOCDEV idea for us)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt;  [DURACLOUD08]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; [DURACLOUDDEV]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And how does that differ from what we do now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers: Jeff or the Release Coordinator would "own" the process of migrating DSDOCDEV -&gt; DSDOC during the release of the software</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: the wiki is a "freeforall" and the docs get lost in it unless the author notifies tdonohue  and trimble</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or moves it themselves</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, but doesn't DSDOC get snapshot to produce the release-specific versions that I see on <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpaceResources#DSpaceResources-DocumentationandGuides">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpaceResources#DSpaceResources-DocumentationandGuides</a> ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpaceResources - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpaceResources#DSpaceResources-DocumentationandGuides">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpaceResources#DSpaceResources-DocumentationandGuides</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; can you migrate a subset of pages from one space to another?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- that differs from now because right now it's a 'freeforall' -- we have no clue where people are putting their docs on the Wiki.  But, if we do a DSDOCDEV space (which is an identical copy of DSDOC initially) then we only need to copy DSDOCDEV -&gt; DSDOC to release them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- no. unfortunately the copy process is a bit more complex (but DuraCloud has figured it all out, and I can steal docs from them for us to use)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm rather of the opinion that you should decide this for us ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- we only generate a PDF &amp; a HTML from DSDOC -- but not really a "snapshot" of the entire DSDOC space to another Wiki space</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; All sounds reasonable to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- I'm of the opinion that I'm only one vote here :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; +1 for mdiggory's suggestion :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; excellent, so you've volunteered yourself!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry... I'll try to be more serious...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, there are two issues here:  (1) it is stated that people are writing "DSpace manual" content various places around the wiki; (2) no process to cut off and clean up wikified versions of the "manual".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; completely correct, mhwood.  The DSDOCDEV space idea is just to try and resolve your #1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, #2 (no 'cut off' date for docs) is still an issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I agree its important to have the process in place so that the weight of the effort does not actually fall on tdonohue or jtrimble to execute.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; See, where I get confused is that, if I'm writing stuff that (to me) is clearly "manual" material, I wouldn't know where to put it if I didn't write it into DSDOC.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and mirroring the docs and telling developers to edit them directly is sensible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Which brings me to the next proposal.  Proposal #2 : We absolutely must have an early cutoff date for finalized Documentation.  Otherwise, jtrimble &amp; I &amp; RC end up having to edit/spellcheck docs at the very last moment.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hence my controversial comment that feature freeze = documentation ready or else.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe I meant code freeze.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; more documentation can always be added in the next release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; even inbetween releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- yea, and I personally don't find your idea that controversial.  But, maybe we need a separate "Documentation Freeze" date?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- that's not good enough in my opinion.  We really shouldn't release new features that are 100% undocumented</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; No matter how wonderful code is, it doesn't matter if nobody knows it's there or nobody knows how to use it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the probilem is that if code is in the trunk without documentation, your telling use we need to take it out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not very agile</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think that ideally documentation, like tests, is part of the design process.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mdiggory: Not exactly. More that the documentation should be done at the same time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; well, then theres a lot in the last release that shouldn't have gone in because there wasn't documentation generated on it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- let's not look at how we did things in the past (which I agree wasn't ideal -- again, 1.7.0 docs were not fun to clean up)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So we have an opportunity to improve in 1.8.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; exactly... 1.8 can be better.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and we should do a review on everyones commits going forward to and reject them immediately if they havn't written at least two paragraphs of documentation about them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Commits != features.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; how can you tell?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no -- we don't need to get that strict.  IMHO.  Personally, I'd be fine if we just stuck to the idea that all New Features must have some minimal documentation *by* the Feature Freeze date to be accepted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but their already in the codebase? how are you going to unaccept them?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And:  documentation doesn't have to be written by the coder; he only has to ensure that it gets written.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; force the developer to rollback, what if that work was done earlier in the release cycle?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Can't unaccept them -- if undocumented, we don't know what they are. :-/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; how much would break?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- let's hope it doesn't get to that.   The goal is not to go haywire 'unaccepting' features.  Rather, the goal is to ensure we are all doing docs as we develop features</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so... how about a carrot instead of a whip</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; though I've not a clue how to get developers interested in eating carrots</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; if you have other ideas, i'm all ears</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robertqin (~robertqin@bb116-14-174-250.singnet.com.sg) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The carrot:  "not only does this new feature do wonderful things, but the manual is so clear I had no trouble understanding it!"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; currently, the only idea I've heard that can force us to do docs is that we reject new Features that don't have docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; "mhwood: Can't unaccept them -- if undocumented, we don't know what they are. "</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yup, so we have some catch-up to do when we find underdocumented features.  But in the future we want that to happen much less.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Remember: All new features are supposed to be "approved" (by the RC or by the Committers) *before* it is committed to the release.   So, we can choose to not even approve it if it has no docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ok... to bring forward an example (not picking on you richardrodgers)....  modular configuration slipping in with the curation tools.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; modular configuration wasn't documented and many were not aware of it until after the release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mdiggory:  I think it was in the context of curation...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* gaurav_kl (75c62054@gateway/web/freenode/ip.117.198.32.84) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; to be honest, not sure what past examples of 'mistakes' really leads us to (we've all made mistakes or provided less than stellar docs in the past).  I'd rather think of ways we can improve this in the future</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if it was discovered before the release, your going to drop that feature just because of a lack of docs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no -- you'd instead target that developer and say: "Hey, we need some docs here please.  This feature is undocumented"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The whole point is to make it clear that that *could* happen so we all want to avoid it by documenting well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Plus, tating that aim now may help ensure that it doesn't happen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its an empty threat</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tating/stating</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: I'm not looking for a way to plug up all "holes".  I'm just looking to change the perceptions that I can throw in as much code as I want without docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; tdonohue:  yes.  We need to invite others to hold us accountable for describing our contributions in timely fashion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; just ask for docs... and publically flog if they do not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: it's not an empty threat if during the next release we start to pay closer atttention to all your new feature submissions (i.e. over time, we'll figure out who is good at giving docs, and who is not)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe someone else will see an unmet need and write the docs.  It's exhausting, but a great way to understand unfamiliar code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: it's also not an empty threat if on mailing lists we say:  "Go talk to ____ about Feature X , as he/she is the one who built it and didn't document it" :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; If its an agreed aim/procedure then I trust committers to abide by it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; now that motivating...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: sorry, I was stretching for an example... I'm sure you got some docs on it somewhere in there. ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If I just can't make myself document, then I should pair up with someone who can.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mdiggory: no prob, it is an interesting edge case  :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 mhwood.  The goal here is documentation.  Whether the developer writes it, or finds someone else to help out.  The key though is the developer is *responsible* to ensure that documentation exists (no matter who writes it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  So, we probably should wrap this up now...as we are running over a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; +1 robint  its all about trust</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Why can't we all just get along Man!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It sounds like we've come to the following decisions:   (1) we should create a DSDOCDEV space for "in development" documentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hear hear</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; fine with me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So I do what I do now, only in a different space (to me, just a different link).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (2) We need to all be responsible for ensuring Documentation exists for new Features (preferably at least a few weeks in advance of release).  (at least it sounded like we were coming around to that decision)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory except for the mark diggory guy... he's always got to be so contrary</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (3) If mdiggory doesn't give us docs, then we provide his home email/address/phone to everyone who has questions on new features built by mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I may have slipped in a #3 there ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; haha</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1 but add bank acct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'll open up bidding for those who want to write my documentation for me at two shillings</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Don't be afraid...join us...I'm amazed at the kinds of fuzzy thinking I uncover when I try to explain what I did.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  I think that's it for the DSpace Devel Mtg for today (i'll report this all to Jeff).  Thanks all! As usual, we now move on to the GSoC Update meeting if anyone is interested in hanging around for a bit more.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Got to go unfortunately. Thanks all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Theres a couple followups I want to try to tackle if I can bend an ear for a few minutes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Thanks all got to run, bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@18.111.79.162) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DSCR-22">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DSCR-22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [#DSCR-22] Discovery module back end rewrite to support discovery without solr. - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DSCR-22">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DSCR-22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- feel free to take over for GSoC meeting if you want.  I'll be here for the GSoC update meeting, but these meetings are meant to be more open discussion (no real agenda)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'd like to start bringing this into Discovery for 1.8...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, this is not GSoC related then....i misunderstood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we should move onto GSoC just after it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (522921b0@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.33.176) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I just want to voice I'm looking to commit this and its all just discovery code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; this is a huge (size wise) commit. hard to say for certain without time to review it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Documented of course. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the featureset is that Discovery gets a bit of a rewrite...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; To make it more accessible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; &amp; it creates a possibility to plug in something other then solr into the discovery UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; As Discovery is optional its also the case we should still consider it something that will change over time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; (should you want to)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; more accessible in terms of UI accessibility?  or in terms of "accessible" to developers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Accessible for developers at the moment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I do plan on making to UI a little more accessible to but I first wanted to do the back end</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; One of the possible benefits of the approach is a clearer path for implementing WebMVC / Freemarker variants of Discovery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In essence of time (again this patch is way too large to review), I wonder if it'd be best to get a few other DSpace committers to look at this work?  I'm thinking of kshepherd or stuartlewis as I know they have been using Solr/Discovery heavily (and therefore may have some good feedback, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its basically creating a domain model, plugable backend and presentation tier for discovery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; T.b.h. the more people that cna review it &amp; give me feedback the better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I agree.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd suggest requesting feedback then on dspace-devel, or emailing kshepherd &amp; stuartlewis (since I know they are using Solr/Discovery).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we need to get this finished up, its been actually sitting there for a number of weeks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I could always attempt to email kshepherd &amp; stuarlewis since it is my idea and request feedback</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; if anyone else in this chat is heavily using Solr/Discovery, it'd also be worth more eyes as well (I only suggested kshepherd &amp; stuartlewis cause I know they are using it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, in general, for such large changes/patches, it's best to find someone else who is familiar with this code who could help give some feedback.  So, in this case, it's best to find some other committers/active developers who are already familiar with Solr/Discovery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; So tdonohue are there any other developers you know who use discovery ? (beside the already mentioned ksheperd &amp; stuartlewis)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, that is why I'm clarifying the intention to get it in, I've already reviewed the work and am accepting the task</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: yea, I'd also clarify that on something like dspace-devel or dspace-commit though.  Cause, as you can tell, our audience in today's meeting is a bit small</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV: PeterDietz might as well. But, to be honest, I don't always know what features people are using heavily.  It's best to just ask on dspace-devel or similar</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Must go home and find out if the Solr &amp; Lucene books I ordered have arrived....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. So, is there anything GSoC related that needs discussing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; hi Tim!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, lets shift gears</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; perhaps i'll just post a quick update to my webmvc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll note that our attendance is still a bit small today -- many mentors aren't here, but we can still do updates, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; yeah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi robertqin &amp; gaurav_kl</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; go ahead, robertqin..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; i'm basically done with the registration component, epeople and group for admin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; and i've issued a pull request to graham</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; so as mentioned</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; one of the dilemmas i'm pondering b4 i proceed with further development</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; is whether i should wait for graham to merge his changes with the master repository and syncing that with my fork</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; because the last time, the webmvc master repo was not in sync with my fork</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; and when i tried to run fetch upstream, there were alot of conflicts that occured</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; and its kind of messy to fix them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; yeah, so i'm kinda of waiting for more updates from graham or peter regarding this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; i've already highlighted this issue with peter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; yeah, so these are my updates..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robertqin: sounds great!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; hi thanks tim !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hopefully peter &amp; graham can help you figure out a better process for those syncs/merges</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; yeah..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; graham seems kind of tied down at the moment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and hopefully they can also inform other projects as well -- so that we can avoid that for all projects)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I know graham just recently switched jobs (he now works for Symplectic instead of Open Repository), so that might be part of it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; yeah i've heard about it..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I also know peter &amp; his wife are expecting a baby any day now -- so, he might disappear off and on in coming days/weeks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; haha, yeah i know!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; heard about it from last week discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; its great news</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, if you find you need help on something and peter &amp; graham have "disappeared" temporarily, let us know on the duraspace-gsoc list, and we can try to find others to help you out.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; yeah thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; in any case, <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/webmvc/pull/4">https://github.com/DSpace/webmvc/pull/4</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ #4: Added EPerson admin func by robertqin for DSpace/webmvc - Pull Request - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/webmvc/pull/4">https://github.com/DSpace/webmvc/pull/4</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; the link shows my current commits</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; i'm planning to step up with Supervisors next</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; but i'm currently reading up on understanding that component better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; excellent.  sounds like you are making good progress overall!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; my current difficulties is really understanding the complete workflow of each component</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; hey thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; in any case, its great if there were more documentation available to help understand the workflow for each component</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; because currently, i try to understand the workflow by reading thru the code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; and it actually takes up a rather substantial amount of dev time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; if you need help or have questions about DSpace workflow (or any other existing DSpace JSPUI component), that is something many of us could help you better understand (even if we didn't know WebMVC as well as peter or graham). So feel free to just post questions to duraspace-gsoc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; i see..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; yeah, thats what i do currently !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; thanks for all those advices</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robertqin&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no problem. you are welcome</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other GSoC Updates from anyone?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; So I am basically done with the API and JUnit tests and plan to refine it little bit and start with UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; I have been behind schedule</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; but I am catching up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; do you have a reference (link) to your API in Github?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; and I plan to finish the UI part by June end.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* barmintor (barmintor@specdl11.cul.columbia.edu) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C15567.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; <a href="https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/submission">https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/submission</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/submission at master from gauravkl/DSpace - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/submission">https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/submission</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; I still have to code for the core "actions"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; but that I think can be done after the basic UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; So how should the core "actions" be splitted?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; like currently there's DescribeStep,LicenseStep</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; what can be possible smallest "action"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The Code for a set of actions is currently mixed together in the step</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Take for Instance Select Collection Step</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/submit/step/SelectCollectionStep.java">https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/submit/step/SelectCollectionStep.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/submit/step/SelectCollectionStep.java at master from gauravkl/DSpace - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/submit/step/SelectCollectionStep.java">https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/submit/step/SelectCollectionStep.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We need to identify and breakdown the actions in here...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and like steps in Configurable Submission... Actions may or may not have a view</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robertqin (~robertqin@bb116-14-174-250.singnet.com.sg) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; so like what are the Actions in this particular Step</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this is a bit simple here...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; SelectCollectionAction</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; most of the logic is one to one...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok.so for submission-form there will be separate actions for different</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its when we get into mutliple paths that more actions emerge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; types of input fields?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; like for Dropdown,textfiled?separate actions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think we should look at the parts of the Reviewer Workflow Contribution that deal with using the Submission DescribeStep / Upload File steps to possibly see the mapping...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; looks liek you put parts of it into your code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah.I have to clean it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Take a look at EditAction to get ideas for the Describe step</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; think of the possible routes out of the page as the Actions that need to be provided on the step.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; UpdateMetadata, Next Page, Previous Page, Cancel,  possibly even steps to launch term completion popup and/or add fields</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; TBH... I look at EditAction and I even think it should have been broken up into more actions because it still contains conditional flow control within it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; So I was planning to start with UI work and the API will get refined in that process as I feel dat will be a better approach.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; so I plan to send a mail to duraspace-gesoc for finalizingin the UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; and finish the UUI by 30th June</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; then I plan to start these "actions" and modify code which Cobineis the Steps</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds good, gaurav_kl! I also think the UI work will probably help you notice areas of the API that need work or need refining.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so... with UI work, are you referring to integrating the existing xmlui portion of the configurable reviewer work?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I would look closely at EditActionXMLUI.java</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; so can you give a basic layout of how our UI is gonna be.though I had come up with mine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Well, for the moment, I think you should view DescribeStep as an "InputForms" viewer rendered on a DSpace Item... that "Viewer" probibly does a great deal of the same rendering if it is viewed in the Submission or in the Reviewer Workflow Edit Step.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; However, the behavior and where the Action "forwards" to when completed will be different.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* gaurav_kl1 (75c621a0@gateway/web/freenode/ip.117.198.33.160) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* gaurav_kl (75c62054@gateway/web/freenode/ip.117.198.32.84) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; which is mostly similar to one I did in the previous "input-form" project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; in the Reviewer Workflow, those controls are Reviewer "centric"  IE Update, Accept, Reject,</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I unfortunately have to head out all.  Good to hear GSoC updates from both robertqin and gaurav_kl!  (I'll catch up with mdiggory &amp; gaurav_kl's discussion later on)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; so like the option for mapping collec tion to workflow should be where?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; In Submission those controls are Submitter Centric : Previous Step, Save, Next Step</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Well theres a generic "Step" class that holds the Actions... depending on the state of the request, a specific Action is forwarded to and a specific view is associated with that action.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So the SelectCollectionAction has the business Logic and the SelectCollectionXMLUIAction contains the XMLUI DRI rendering of the form for the view.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; yeah.sorry i was talking about the adminUI .i think u interpreted it for the actual submission stage.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the "outcomes" of the SelectCollectionAction are linked to new steps, the Submission Controller would move the workspace Item to the new "Step" if the outcome is returned by the Action</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; yeah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; oh... ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; It should be an Option under the "Context" Menu item for the Collection when the CollectionAManger is logged in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or, the approach with the legacy Reviewer Workflow is that its in the Edit Collection view as one of the tabs...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; and for mapping of steps to actions and step to workflow are we going to have like "Manage Workflow" ,"manage Steps"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; ok..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; But TBH, I find it difficult to add to that view cleanly, so I usually just add Options to the Options panel under the context</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; 2 separate options for these 2 in the main "administer options-set"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So, you'll be on a Collection, the Option will show and you can navigate to see a page that contains?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; One or more Workflows, one of which that can be assigned to the collection</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; so this option won't be in side "edit Collection"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I would try to create some simple mockups in the WIKI using.... <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/plugins/servlet/mockups?do=add&amp;page=19005968">https://wiki.duraspace.org/plugins/servlet/mockups?do=add&amp;page=19005968</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Login Required ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/plugins/servlet/mockups?do=add&amp;page=19005968">https://wiki.duraspace.org/plugins/servlet/mockups?do=add&amp;page=19005968</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; dat will be better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; careful.. I think that like will put it in the DSpace Home wiki page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; like = link</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Make a new page and add the mockup fromt he "Add" option in the upper right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; ok..then i can post it to the mailing list to get opinions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thats a good idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; hmm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Select Existing Workflow  or Create New Workflow &lt;---&gt; Add /Edit Step &lt;---&gt; Choose Action &lt;----&gt; Assign Outcome To &lt;list of Steps&gt; .... something like that....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; yeah..this makes it clear er</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; so everything will inside a particular colection only?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not sure... seems it could apply at the site or Community level as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and be inherited... same as the way it is now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I can imagine some permission nightmares emerging...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; oh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Collection A Manager creates new workflow,  Collection B Manager assigns it but changes part of it...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; changes impact Collection A workflow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not sure if we care or not about that...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or maybe permissions to edit depend on where its created (i.e. Community Manager creates Workflow but Collection Managers can't change it...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; yeah.dat makes sense.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; ok.thanks.i will post to the mailing list by tomorrow with the mockup of all the admin UI steps..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; so in Junit is there any way to check the in-memory DB?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; to verify if my table has been created.cuurently I have to do workarounds to test taht</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; All I can think of is to do select or update to it as a test.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; select on a table that does not exist should fail</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; select on an empty table should success but have no results</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl1&gt; ok.thanks Mark.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* gaurav_kl1 (75c621a0@gateway/web/freenode/ip.117.198.33.160) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kdweeks (~Adium@2001:468:c80:a103:223:dfff:fefe:ac7d) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-216-7.sd.sd.cox.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>