<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2011-02-16
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* alxp (~aoneill@blk-30-155-121.eastlink.ca) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-49-230.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp136.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (a@195.113.97.174) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cccharles (~chris@li123-120.members.linode.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@128.146.175.194) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5229fe8f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.143) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, DSpace Developers starting here in a few minutes.  Today's agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-02-16">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-02-16</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (80ce8882@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.136.130) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok all.. DSpace Devel meeting begins now.  As usual, we'll start with some JIRA catchup.  Today we are starting with DS-678.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's a list of 'to-be-reviewed' items, so you can follow along: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-678+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-678+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-678">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-678</a> Community Admin unable to create new bundle type for items</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thoughts on DS-678? Should a Community or Collection Admin be allowed to create a new Bundle?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd say "yes", they should have this right...but, i'm curious what others think.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; when you submit an item, you end up creating ORIGINAL, LICENSE, CC-LICENSE. So that should also be the case during item edit.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; It seems logical that they should be able to.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I would say yes - but also this is essentially the same as DS-776 - we should close one as a duplicate, probably 678, as the other has a better description of the problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; makes sense grahamtriggs.  So, that sounds like we are in agreement that this is an issue/bug.   Any volunteers to fix this?  Seems like it should be a relatively minor fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-100.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no one wants to tackle DS-678/DS-776? really :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; that said, would it be useful to have a 'manager' role - where they can affect the items that are part of the collection, but not alter the items themselves?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- guess we'll leave unassigned for now.  I'll schedule DS-678/DS-776 for 1.7.1, and merge them into one issue.  Hopefully we can get someone to fix this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; why can't collection admins create bundles?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next one -- <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-679">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-679</a> :  Modifying dspace oai code to offer harvesting through collection  : harvest any item with a request on metadatavalue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mdiggory: because of a bug :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory, see previous discussion.  It's a bug.  We think they should be allowed to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis or kshepherd, is DS-679 something you are already working on locally then?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its like trying to play a symphony with kazoos</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; If we drove oai-pmh via solr, this sort of virtual set would be trivial.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; they never liked "Search" in teh OAI-PMH community</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: i was planning on working on it as a feature.. had a few attempts but i think getting familiar with (and improving) discovery is the best first step to 'virtual sets' or 'virtual collections'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mdiggory: <a href="http://www.royalalberthall.com/tickets/bbc-radio3-big-red-nose-show/default.aspx">http://www.royalalberthall.com/tickets/bbc-radio3-big-red-nose-show/default.aspx</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, is anyone working on driving oai-pmh via Solr? Or wanting to do that?  I wouldn't be opposed to the idea, assuming we are still doing valid OAI-PMH</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; RE:DS-678/DS-776, I think that it is an XMLUI specific bug.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mdiggory: and yes, I will be in the choir seats for that, with a kazoo.... I also saw a professional choir doing the chorus for the Chicken Run theme on kazoo...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; theres allot of ways it could get done... OAI-PMH requesthandler inside solr implemented in Java w/ Velocity or XSLT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but, I wonder if this stuff is better suited for <a href="http://proai.sourceforge.net/">http://proai.sourceforge.net/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, is there any more to discuss on DS-679?  Or is this just in a "waiting queue" for someone to tackle it :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: one of the stumbling blocks i did come up against is the set identifiers.. are they supposed to be persistent? can they be reused? where do we set them? they don't correspond to static DSOs so we can't reserve handles. it can probably be done all through dspace.cfg but that seems messy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aha..ok, i can understand that complexity then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: i'm happy to keep looking at it once i've worked with solr a bit more.. but also happy to help others if they want to take lead on it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Could we comment and close this one, suggesting the reporter looks at the other open tickets for virtual collections?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (related jobs are DSCR-12 and DS-277)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; tdonohue, you can assign the merger of DS-678/DS-776 to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- thanks, will do!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis.  I think that's probably a good route forward.  I'm assuming it looks like "DS-277" is the most appropriate "main ticket"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://www.digitalcommonwealth.org/">http://www.digitalcommonwealth.org/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; uses a solr based OAI-PMH engine to search digital collections within Massachusetts.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-679 -- close issue and mark as "duplicate".  Forward user on to DS-277/DSCR-12 for more info.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd notes that there is a community-supplied 'virtual sets' addon at <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpaceOAISets">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpaceOAISets</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; maybe thats the opposite... sorry</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'll take a closer look when i have some free time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I'm not convinced about the request in 679... yes, to virtual sets, but rather than mapping directly to a search / discovery query, it needs to be named sets that map to a defined query</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs -- either way, we already have a request for OAI virtual sets in DS-277.  So, DS-679 is a duplicate idea/request</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; so, you can specify an arbitrarily complex query, behind a simple set name</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; grahamtriggs: yep, i think that's the consensus</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving on for now:  <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-680">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-680</a> invalid input syntax for type timestamp in db query for stat-initial utility</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; anyone have ideas on DS-680, or want to volunteer to investigate this further?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hmmm, where did that "::" stuff come from?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- that "::" looks to also be in Trunk version of LogAnalyser</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; lines 1209 and 1225 of LogAnalyser in Trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If no one else wants it, I can dig into it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, assign DS-680 to mhwood for investigation / fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll stop there for now...and move on to other topics, which actually are a few more issue reviews.  See agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-02-16">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-02-16</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As you may recall, from a few week's ago, we had discussed that DCAT will start to review Feature Request in JIRA, and add their comments.   They've already reviewed 3 older feature requests, which I want to make us all aware of</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DCAT does all their reviews on the Wiki, in a new "forum" area: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/dsforum/Home">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/dsforum/Home</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (can everyone get to that page? It just prompted me for a login...which is odd)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i got to it ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but i was already logged in..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I cant login</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; "You must be a registered wiki user to participate."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; same as kshepherd here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I'm in (as a logged in user)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I got it without login</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, well, as long as we can all get to it.  I know we are supposed to have access to it -- i.e. anyone in the community should be allowed to get to it and join discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; DS-164 has reminded me of another idea i had, but i'll save it for later ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, in any case, I wanted to (1) make everyone aware of this.  DCAT is voting on whether they feel these older feature requests still have merit or not.    (2), I thought we could all specifically revisit DS-164 (the first one they reviewed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Wait, wrong link.  Got in with login.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=23268096&amp;focusedCommentId=25067837#comment-25067837">https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=23268096&amp;focusedCommentId=25067837#comment-25067837</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Just found it earlier and have been at play in there all morning... thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; yeah, we kinda noticed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, does anyone else have comments / suggestions / ideas on DS-164?   Anyone aware of the status of any work that could eventually meet these needs, or is there more info we want to ask DCAT for (i.e. better requirements, etc?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (i'm reading mdiggory's input now)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I should also mention that I agree that this would make a great feature.  If anyone is interested in tackling it (or even starting to investigate what it would take to tackle it), I'd do my best to support you (as would DCAT).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; in my case, I'm the one dealing with the .xml files, so it insulates admins from that layer - but we're seeing issues in terms of what people want simply not being capable with the input-forms (or even the proposed DB driven stuff)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; In its simples form... smells like Content Models</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: hear hear</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; and that is in the forms needing to be 'designed' more - not just be a collection of fields</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; again... hear hear... and TBH, the authority control lookup is still not what our clients want</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Are there existing forms packages we could use?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs -- makes perfect sense.  have you or anyone at Open Repositories begun to brainstorm this out at all?  Or is the dependency on DB driven configs what is really in the way?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I've been forging ahead with Freemarker UI - getting browse / search / item viewing in place - haven't quite got to admin or submission - yet... but I was toying with making it possible to just define the fields directly in Freemarker templates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I worry the DB driven drive detail is a red herring... Though it would be nice to put the capability into the Admins hands, theres still some problems with how this is all hodge podge wired together like a pachinka machine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd would be more inclined to spend dev time/effort on SWORD, EasyDeposit, etc. than submission in jspui/xmlui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kshepherd: we have need for both... and the validation part I write about plays into the SWORD work as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I tend to agree with mdiggory to separate the validation of fields away from the configuration of the forms. The issue of items being 'correct' is not tied just to the submission forms (although the submission forms do need to be able to present useful feedback in the case of error)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i can see that validation is still needed, yeah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd -- we do need people on both sides of things.  But, it's perfect fine to prefer one over the other :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: how diplomatic...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So... I ponder if we can come up with a set of changes to something like the MetadataRegistry that might get us part of the way there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, validation belongs to the abstract metadata field, not the box or element or whatever in which it is presented to the machine.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  So, what are the next steps in getting towards something like DS-164?  Trying to tease out the dependencies here.  Sounds like we've already hit on a few of the bigger issues...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Tag the metadata field with a validator class.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- putting validation details in MetadataRegistry?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; if we are redesigning the forms, i wonder if it's worth thinking about 'edit item' as well -- i've thought of trying to get XMLUI's item edit page using input-forms.xml or similar so that we can use better form elements, auth control lookups etc in edit pages</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd ++   I agree completely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (and potentially keep the old plain textarea forms behind 'Advanced Edit' or something)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (both edit and submit should be using the same mechanism)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ContentModelRegistry... A list of Content Models that have Metadata Fields Assigned to them and some validation rules like (required, optional)  and a value syntax rules</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we use the submission forms again in the EditMetadata stage in the XMLUI, seems plausable it could be used in the EditItem as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmm...interesting idea.  Not sure I'd call them "Content Models".  worried that's a loaded term (e.g. Fedora, Hydra, etc. all use that term)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; It is purposefully "loaded"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; "Schema"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; or we could try and tie it in with templates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I promise not to say... Ontol...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; then along with validation rules, you can supply default values, bitstreams etc. as we do with templates currently</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mdiggory: I was about to say something similar - I wouldn't mind seeing 'input control/data type' and validation tied against the metadata registry. Form design would then place which fields you are interested where you want them, with minor option tweaking (ie. is it repeatable)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; this does bring me back to the question that mhwood posed (no one responded): "are their existing forms packages we can use?"  Similarly, is there existing validation/schema/content models frameworks we could use?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (the term "templates", i mean, not the actual code)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; If you are using the same metadata field for different formats of data in different circumstances (ie. item types or different collections), you probably should rethink your field usage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kshepherd: Templates is interesting, but the problem is that we only get so far with the Item model before we need more</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I do agree that Template might be replaceable by one or more "item Schema"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; especially ina  Type driven submission system</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; here's something that's kinda fun to play with -- an html5 forms builder: <a href="http://www.reformedapp.com/#home">http://www.reformedapp.com/#home</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: I agree on the last statement, we get allot of requests to change the Label for dc.foo.bar on collection X but not Y</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; And we then immediately respond with why thats not so wise to do...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; different metadata = different fields... If you need to expose it in a common field for OAI-PMH, etc., then that's what crosswalks are for</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; indeed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, is DS-162 of definite interest to anyone or their institution?  Curious if we have a person or two who is already interested in digging in deeper on some possible options?  (this doesn't mean you'd have to "lead" or build it, just that you'd dig around more and report back on some options/issues)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; robint: I'm curious about your view on the topic give the work you've done on Type Driven Submission?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; err..I meant DS-164, not DS-162 (obviously)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mdiggory: Slow thinker.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Can see the need for different labels for the same metadata filed though - dc.date</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; s/filed/field</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Claudia has well developed thoughts on this subject</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; fyi -- if any of you have more thoughts on this later as well, please do feel free to comment directly on DCAT's page, or the DS-162 issue itself.  DCAT is watching both of those, and it'd be good to keep discussions moving forward</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I tend to agree that if you want to change the meaning of a field by changing its Label.  It is better to change the field or at least qualify it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; If you need different labels, then the data is representing different things. If the data is different, then the field should be. You can always crosswalk all of them into (eg. dc.date) when you expose the fields if you need to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Are our DC qualifiers not just labels of a sort ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Old Search/Browse adapted to this through merging metadata fields into single search or browse fields, SOlr currently doesn't "</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; merge"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep. my stuff is only ever proper OAI-DC or MODS or whatever after crosswalk and serialisation... before that it's all sorts of crazy schemas and fields ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: very easy to do in schema though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i have an example as a blog post</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; Granted, there are some curiosities with Dublin Core - ie. titles and book chapters, etc. but that's just crappy, ambiguous dublin core. Store it internally in something that isn't DC and isn't ambiguous, and crosswalk it to DC on the way out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kshepherd: to a degree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but yes, good catch there, and we need some more of that kind of documentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah i have some more to write, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is the problem separable into nicely-sized subproblems?  F'rinstance, can we move validation information away from the forms separately from redoing the presentation?  Are there other subproblems?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue is reminded that many of these discussions seem to circle back to improving Metadata.  We need to schedule a special topics meeting on improving how we manage Metadata, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; just on a tangent, i notice one of the DCAT requests is DS-638</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Also back to the forms issue, if the validation rules are abstracted from the form definition, it really opens the doors to experiment with new form technologies.  Possibly even allot more JSON / AJAX driven Forms handling</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; and i agree with the JIRA comments.. this should be a curation task</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd -- yes, DS-638 is another they are interested in :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd -- I'd encourage you &amp; everyone else to comment on DCAT recommendations outside of this meeting as well.  So, don't hesitate to add thoughts/suggestions or ask questions of DCAT.  I'm trying to get better about that myself :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://www.reformedapp.com/">http://www.reformedapp.com/</a>   ... eh.. whats so easy about filling out lots of individual forms to generate a form?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. it sounds like discussion of DS-164 is slowing down a bit.  I'll post a summary to DCATs page.  Please feel free to add more comments there, etc.  If you come across and idea or something that could be worth investigating more, let us know!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Do we have a good grasp of what sites want from the forms presentation layer?  Other than "not so much icky XML".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Per DS-638  the BitstreamFormatRenovation would have introduced Pronom/Droid in this space...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- that's something we can ask DCAT for, better requirements.  Right now, I think the only request, is 'not XML based, please'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- we're already running a bit long, but I wondered if we could take a quick moment to comment on DS-820.  helix84 is in our meeting today, and asked me if we could provide some general feedback, if we had time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-820">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-820</a> : SFX button + SFX in Mirage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; well, i'd vote +1 to the validation/content-model stuff before the actual form-builder/UI stuff i guess, since validation, etc is of benefit to sword deposits as well as internal submission</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd -- i'll add some comments to DCAT about splitting up that problem.  I think it's worth trying to separate those two pieces, if there's a way to do so easily.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; re DS-820 - i can get Yin Yin (who did previous SFX patches) to check it out and test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hello. i'm looking for someone who could assign this. having an SFX server is not necessary, you can test e.g. with our publically available SFX server.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* snail (~stuart@130.195.179.88) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd : that'd be great!  DS-820 looks like a nice addition at a glance, but it'd be good to get another developer to look at it and try it out, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; just today i also ralized that i can add the customize dimage to JSPUI, too, and provide a patch. it will be trivial.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; looks almost identical to the previous verisons, so should work OK</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, so for DS-820, kshepherd will ask Yin Yin to investigate/test, and report back to us and helix84</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; thanks. is anyone interested to assign this to himself?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Got to go. Cheers everyone.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 -- if you had the time/inclination to do it for the JSPUI, feel free.  It's not truly a requirement that everything *must* work in both XMLUI and JSPUI, but it helps</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i've taken it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (5229fe8f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.143) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; looking at the JSPUI code, it should be a two-liner. kshepherd: thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; only thing I noticed was that in xsl we usually use xsl:template name="SFXLink" and xsl:match name="SFXLink" not xsl:variable name="SFXLink" and xsl:copy-of select="SFXLink"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok all...that's all I had on the agenda, and it looks like we've run over  yet again.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; PeterDietz: about that - I used a template for the Reference theme, but it wouldn't work in Mirage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue is beginning to wonder if we either (a) need a longer meeting (1.5 hrs), or (b) need to find ways to tackle some of these tasks asynchronously outside of the mtg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; PeterDietz: it has to do with how DRI is available from different files in dri2xhtml-alt</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (no need to respond to my ramblings now -- just pointing out, that we are consistently running short on time -- to much to do with DSpace these days!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; PeterDietz: so I just did it the simple way, constructing the link in one xsl file, passing the variable to annother for display. Did the same in Reference for consistency.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we'll close up the meeting for today.  I'll be around for a while, if anyone has anything else to discuss informally, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; helix84: the xsl is fine by me then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hmmm, we used to allow 60 seconds for discussion of a JIRA item and then ask for a vote.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; tdonohue, I think if we followed a format like in Prime Ministers Questions, where people have to pick up a book and set it on a table, and talk fast enough before they get jeered off stage, likewise, when you make points you have to get to the point fast enough so that you get people to cheer for you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: I'd like to ask about access rights to the DSpace manual wiki pages. I left some comments fixing a lot of typos, they're still not fixed. But I would also often like to improve on the manual, adding a section here and there or rephrasing for clarity.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- yea, unfortunately, we've been bad about that recently.  It seemed discussion has been going longer as we encounter complex JIRA issues.  But, that could be an idea to revisit, if others are interested and willing to return to a much quicker JIRA review process</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: it was easy to send a patch to the pre-confluence manual...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory thinks helix84 just got elected documentation editor</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yay for me ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 -- anyone who wants access and is willing to chip in, can get access.  We just "lock it down" to prevent spammers.  Initially, Jeff Trimble (Documentation Guru) &amp; I may closely review your edits (we get notified of any edits).  But, that shouldn't discourage you to make changes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll give you access &amp; send Jeff &amp; you an email...what's your JIRA login?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I mean, your JIRA username</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: it's helix84. I'm used to review from Wikipedia. But then it also has more open policies ...and more manpower to handle spam.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* snail (~stuart@130.195.179.88) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea.  We definitely don't have the manpower of Wikipedia.  Right now, the Docs area is mainly managed by the Committers group, and a few other volunteers. :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; BTW do we have any kind of style manual?  Not "do we use Oxford comma" and that sort of thing.  I've seen pages where the same sort of matter (say, a command example) is marked up two different ways without apparent reason and wondered whether I was fixing or breaking by making A have the same markup as B rather than vice versa.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: the edit link just appeared for me, thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mhwood++, style guidelines would be great</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- no, but you can start one :)   The closest we have is a "DSpace Wiki Style Guide", which is more just a reference to using the general wiki syntax: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Wiki+Style+Guide">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Wiki+Style+Guide</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; there are two things I dislike about the manual - 1) it mixes howtos with reference (think list of dspace.cfg properties)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that looked like an "mhwood--", I didn't mean to decrement mhwood.  That was supposed to be a dash!  In reality, it is mhwood++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; 2) there currently isn't a single-page HTML</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; the DSDOC manual doesn't have howto stuff, does it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; the rest of the wiki does, sure, but that's separate to the 'manual'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (80ce8882@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.136.130) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; what i meant was "common dspace set-up tasks howto"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: if you have ideas of how to rework things, we are definitely open to changes.  I think the best route forward would be to "mock up" some examples of changes you'd like to see in a new wiki page(s).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we should when the opportunity arises... take wiki stuff out of the wiki, clean it up and put it into the documentation... that could include howtos</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thats the great benefit of them being on the same platform</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: that's what I meant. wiki should contain a broad set of howtos, while manual should have a narrower set of recommended approaches.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; mdiggory:  I thought we just finished piling all of the documentation *into* the wiki.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; part of the reason for moving to Wiki-based docs was that it would allow us to take 'how-to' docs from the main wiki, clean them up, and make them part of the "official docs"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: right now I want you to take it all back out and put it into the docbook again [sic]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; aha</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; oh, there's a 3rd thing I dislike. 3) confluence wiki is slooow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood feels thankful for SVN</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84, I like that idea.  broad 'how-to' on general wiki, narrower set of specific recommendations in the 'manual' area</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i must need to re-read the manual and wiki</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i thought that's how it already was :P</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: we need more warp drive</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The manual is *in* the wiki.  Isn't it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mhwood: wiki vs. wiki/DSDOC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd, yes and no (as is everything).  In some areas, we have better recommendations in the 'general wiki area', than we do in the actual manual.  We need to be more willing to pull things over to enhance the manual contents</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry mhwood ... what kshepherd said, I didn't realize that wasn't clear</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; kshepherd: in general, it is. specific example of important missing information  is what i just answered on dspace-tech an hour ago: how do i connect tomcat with apache?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; fair enough...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'd like to ask a question, but please, don't throw stones just yet... why did the manual move from docbook to confluence if it has restricted access anyway?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; helix84: i think one of the main reasons was to lower the barrier for *us* to actually get around to editing it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (us being the community at large)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; No, that was the reason for changing it from Word to DocBook. :-/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but it also ties in nicely with other atlassian stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; oh, well..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; is there any way the performance of jira and wiki could be improved? e.g. a reverse proxy?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i was under the impression that jeff was getting hit with most of the work when docbook was used</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kshepherd: ding ding ding ding... you get a grand prize...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; is it coffee?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; confluence/DSDOC = official recommendations that has consensus (more or less). confluence/DSPACE is a free for all.. So anyone in community can put how their method for getting tomcat to serve at port 80 into confluence/DSPACE, but once its clear that that is the best way, or Method A/B/C for getting tomcat up-and-running, then it can get moved to confluence/DSDOC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, you only had to ask...DocBook doesn't scare me.  However, 'tis done now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mmmm... cofffeee</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory wishes we have the same spread as the Google coffee lounge...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 - the main reason for the switch to Confluence was to allow for non-technical people to also contribute to the manual.  So, although they still need to ask for access, any non-technical person can also help enhance it (e.g. we want to eventually have a User Guide there)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; PeterDietz:  OK, so we need terms a little sharper than "wiki" vs. "manual".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: I understand that. What's should the User Guide be in comparison to DSpace Manual?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory thinks developers often overlook the user and their needs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd is also right.  When we used docbook, Jeff Trimble was doing almost *all* of the documentation.  It became a difficult scenario for him, and we needed to open it up more to others</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The manual is all the stuff you can do.  The User Guide is good ways to think about what you are doing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; is there a stub of User Guide yet?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 -- a User guide would be something like:  "Here's how you Add Users via the UI", "Here's how you can customize your Metadata Schemas via the UI", etc.  It'd be more user friendly, with screenshots, and a guide to using DSpace from a Repository Manager point of view</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; good discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no, unfortunately, there's not a "stub" that I know of.  Though, I know some folks at @mire (Bram especially) have thrown around the idea.. not sure if they have anything to share yet though?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ah, so basically Manual would be for admins and User Guide for people working with the DSpace web interfaces</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; exactly!  Manual = DSpace System Admins, User Guide = DSpace Repository Managers / Guide to Admin UI tasks, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; What about renaming it to Administrator Guide (=manual) and User Guide_</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd be all for that :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, no, I don't think so.  Manual is definitive (or should be):  these are the things DSpace does.  Guide is more how to put it all together -- how you might actually use the things DSpace does.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; that's my other grief with manual I mentioned. I'd like to have reference and guide split. Currently manual is both.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood is thinking of the VMS doc set:  every component had a Reference and a Programmer's (or User's) Guide.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; whatever we call it ("manual", "guide" or whatever), I think there are two main audiences for DSpace Documentation:  (1) The System Administrator (which is essentially what our current docs are oriented for), and (2) The Repository Manager (currently missing in docs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So:  split on the SA/RM axis, the what/how axis, or something else?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It could be that I confused this by calling it a "guide".  that's just my word for it, and I'm perfectly fine with it changing.  I just wanted to point out that we are only serving one audience for our current Manual</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'm volunteering only for the admin stuff. I'm not at all into screenshots :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 -- perfectly fine!  we need people to help in both areas</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Manual, Sysadmin Guide, Repo Mgr Guide?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: if I understand correctly, list of options vs. how do I accomplish this task. That's what I meant.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds right.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Doesn't necessarily be a separate document. Maybe just moved into Appendices of the Sysadmin guide</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yea, that sounds right to me too...or at least a good place to start</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yeah, I was thinking that other-product-specific stuff (like, how to do X in Tomcat) should be moved to appendices and the stuff in the setup section be made generic.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; we don't really have a big, maintained FAQ either</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: I wasn't thinking that, but that's also a good way to think about it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; FAQ needs someone to figure out which Q are FA.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i think we could cut down on some of the repeat questions on dspace-tech if we had a monthly mailout to the list with an updated FAQ, links to wiki, guides, manual, etec</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; kshepherd: I was actually going to go through dspace-tech archoves and expand TechnicalFaq</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mhwood: mailing list archives are pretty telling...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I tried to genericize the servlet-container setup stuff once, but it wasn't good enough and got reverted.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so I will do an extensive FAQ first, which will help filter out really often needed howtos currently missing in tha manual.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd -- yea, I think those are good ideas, we just need to tackle as a group.  We mostly don't have a big maintained FAQ cause we don't have volunteers to help maintain it!  If folks are interested in that, I'd be willing to chip in -- I just cannot do it on my own :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; then it will be quite easy to cheerry pick from FAQ to Sysadmin guide/manual</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84++  If you can do some updates to the Technical FAQ, that'd be *wonderful*!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, thank you!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; helix84++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I've been thinking about that for a month now. I'll start this weekend.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks helix84!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'll try to live up to so many thanks :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Good night for today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If we can get that Technical FAQ more up-to-date, hopefully as a group we can all chip-in to *keep it up-to-date*.  It's a great resource to have, but it cannot be maintained by one person</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'll come and report on next Dev Meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; awesome</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; good night.  Thanks for joining discussion today, helix84</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (a@195.113.97.174) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* alxp_ (~aoneill@blk-30-155-121.eastlink.ca) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* alxp_ (~aoneill@blk-30-155-121.eastlink.ca) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: grahamtriggs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:42]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-100.west.biz.rr.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>