<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* barmintor (~ba2213@dyn-butler-158-112.dyn.columbia.edu) Quit (Quit: barmintor)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@38.109.41.15) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@38.109.41.15) Quit (Quit: Colloquy for iPad - <a href="http://colloquy.mobi)">http://colloquy.mobi)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kompewter (~kompewter@sul272sandbox.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C154B1.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* barmintor (~ba2213@dyn-butler-158-112.dyn.columbia.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@adsl-99-130-174-7.dsl.ipltin.sbcglobal.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all. Reminder that we have a DSpace Developers meeting at the top of the hour (in about 12mins): <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-03-14">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-03-14</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@sul272sandbox.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all. It's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Mtg: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-03-14">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-03-14</a>  (Folks in USA &amp; Canada will notice it seems an hour later, but it's just Daylight savings time messing with you)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2012-03-14 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-03-14">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-03-14</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll kick off with JIRA reviews: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-958+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-958+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-958">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-958</a> ] - [#DS-958] Port XMLUI to Cocoon 3.0 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-958+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-958+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; starting with DS-958</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-958">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-958</a> ] - [#DS-958] Port XMLUI to Cocoon 3.0 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; looks like this is a "placeholder" of sorts.  And I'd be a bit hesitant to move to Cocoon 3.0 until it's out of "alpha" stage (and who knows how long that will be)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ha, I ranted on cocoon-users just last week that (according to the cocoon site) 3.0 is *still alpha* after four years and the latest release is still 2.2.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; did you get a response to the rant, mhwood?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Cocoon 3.0 has an "alpha warning": <a href="http://cocoon.apache.org/3.0/alpha-warning.html">http://cocoon.apache.org/3.0/alpha-warning.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Alpha Warning ] - <a href="http://cocoon.apache.org/3.0/alpha-warning.html">http://cocoon.apache.org/3.0/alpha-warning.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, it seemed to draw a bit of attention.  Others were lamenting the low uptake of 3.0 and I strongly suggested that releasing it and updating the site would go a long way.  There is interest in getting 3.0 out into the world but I don't know how long that will take.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. so, I'd suggest we copy &amp; paste these notes to Ds-958 comments for now.  I'm hesitant to touch on this any further until the Cocoon community gets closer to a 3.0 final.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ds-958 Summary: Copy above discussion notes into ticket comments. "On Hold" for now as Cocoon 3.0 is still "alpha".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I do think that 3.0 is getting all the attention there is.  There are seemingly immortal bug reports against 2.2 *with fixes* that never get taken up, and folks are passing around bits of lore and loose patches to make 2.2 work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So, when there is a reasonably stable 3.0 we should strongly consider moving to it just to get some interest in any bug reports we file.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; makes perfect sense. I'd agree. (just nervous about jumping over to something still in "alpha")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Me too, I recommend against depending on 3.0 alpha.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: is there anything we can do to help the Cocoon folks elect to release an official version 3?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Dunno.  I would if I could, but I don't know the inwards of Cocoon well at all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Those who feel able to help should ask on the Cocoon lists, or just look over the bug reports and start filing patches I guess.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I got a sense that there are just not enough hands to make rapid progress.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, it looks like they are still working on 3.0, based on this: <a href="http://cocoon.apache.org/3.0/changes-report.html">http://cocoon.apache.org/3.0/changes-report.html</a>  (so, it might be a matter of needing "more hands" like mhwood suggests)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Changes Report ] - <a href="http://cocoon.apache.org/3.0/changes-report.html">http://cocoon.apache.org/3.0/changes-report.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (notice that there's very few developer names that appear in that changes report -- only about 4-5 overall in recent years)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I don't have any "spare cycles" but I can at least poke around on their site and mail list, keep an eye out for anything I can help out with</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; in any case, we should probably set this ticket aside and move on for now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DS-962</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-962">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-962</a> ] - [#DS-962] SubmissionProcess Configuration - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; A popular idea and it appears that there is already some code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, this is the GSoC2011 project, mentored by mdiggory.  Not sure what state the final code was in? (and mdiggory isn't around today)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to the idea.  The code itself though might still need either further review or 'cleanup'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I agree, +1 idea.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; just scrolling to the patch looks like there are a bunch of unrelated changes in there too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, patch looks a bit "messy" and could use some cleanup.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; plus I guess it'd be good to have someone look over this who's familiar with the configurable submission stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; configurable workflow, sorry</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone here interested in this work?  Just wondering if anyone wants to try and get this running and touch base with mdiggory &amp; guarav (if he's still around and willing)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, hearing no volunteers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ds-962 Summary: suggest we touch base with mdiggory about status of this work via the ticket.  Needs a volunteer (or two) to possible shepherd it forward</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; one more, just cause mhwood is here: DS-966</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-966">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-966</a> ] - [#DS-966] Make the testing framework available to all projects, not just dspace-api - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; anything you want us to look at yet, mhwood? Or is this just a placeholder for now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ds-966 gets a big +1 from me.  we just need someone with some cycles to look at it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I guess I should assign this one to myself, since I've done some work on it already.  Phase I is actually in trunk:  making the test-data directory tree.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; cool, yea I do recall seeing that.  definitely assign it to yourself then, so that we can track who is working on it. Also let us know when you need help / more eyes / testers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; To go beyond that needs some way to automatically augment the DSpace configuration.  I wrote a Maven plugin that can do this but haven't got it into Maven Central so nobody else could use it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I've mentioned it before, but I'd be interested in helping with this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (a@195.113.97.174) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Recently I've been looking at tackling the configuration problem a different way:  convert the authority control configuration to Spring.  This turns out to need to convert the plugin configuration too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- if you want someone to test the Maven plugin you wrote, you can just post it up somewhere (JIRA or email) and we can do a manual 'mvn install'  (i.e. you don't have to wait for it to get to Central)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; (clarification, "this" refers to 966, not with Maven Central)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I need to write up my thoughts about the Springification stuff.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; mhwood: I'd definitely be interested in hearing about that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I ran into a few things with configuring event listeners recently that could probably be improved too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; ("that" in my case being the Springification, but Ds-966 sounds interesting too)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to springification of configs (where it makes sense to -- and I think the authority control stuff likely does make sense for that)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I will write up the Spring stuff as it stands and make some noise on the dev list about the Maven stuff.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds like a good plan</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The plugin is actually in SVN too -- I just need to remember where.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; mhwood: for the spring configuration, you might want to look @ discovery it is also configured by spring.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha :) sorry.  Yea, sometimes it's hard to remember exactly where things are in SVN.  Hopefully we can clean that up a bit more in GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/tools/maven/FileWeaver/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/tools/maven/FileWeaver/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ repo - Revision 6957: /tools/maven/FileWeaver ] - <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/tools/maven/FileWeaver/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/tools/maven/FileWeaver/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, so sounds like we have a plan for moving forward with Ds-966 (on -dev list) and some more related springification discussions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Might as well close the JIRA discussion for today, and move on to other topics</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First up, GitHub Migration: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Migration+to+GitHub">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Migration+to+GitHub</a>   (I notice PeterDietz just sent an email to dspace-devel &amp; dspace-commit asking some questions as well)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Migration to GitHub - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Migration+to+GitHub">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Migration+to+GitHub</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Peter &amp; I had the same question (which I have in the agenda too).  There was discussion (in #dspace) earlier this week about just leaving the DSpace/DSpace Github as-is: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; 1) Should we stick with the existing Github.com/dspace/dspace repository, or should we reimport (a fresh git svn clone) so that we can use the author mapping to make old commits point to a user's GitHub profile? By pushing that change, it would make the current repo incompatible with anyone who has forked it, as the reimport would have completely different commitID's.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; 2) What should we do about languages? We have dspace-xmlui-lang and dspace-api-lang I don't imagine that people like having to manage two separate language files. So would we want to consolidate that into a single project? If so, anyone up to doing the work for that refactoring? Where would messages/language extensions for modules fit?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Regarding Peter's #1 question. I'm starting to lean towards just leaving <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace</a> as-it-is.  This would mean that we would *not* map our SVN user commits to GitHub (for this project).  But, it'd be less detrimental to folks already using GitHub (as Peter describes)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 1) I don't have any clones that I couldn't just throw away and redo.  I'm uncertain about how we want to move revisions around anyway.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; mhwood +1 -- I can re-do my clones too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; For (1 - re git svn clone the dspace/dspace), I'm not in favor of doing such a re git-cloning.  Not that there is a huge amount of forks already using the github fork, I just don't think it would help by much to redo it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; The main gain would be that your old commits will link to your GitHub profile page, as opposed to just have your svn-user-name</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I guess the question is what does it buy us -- if it's just the association with the user's GitHub profile, then I can definitely live without that (but then I don't have many commits anyway)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; To clarify.  If we wipe out the DSpace/DSpace GitHub &amp; redo it, it mostly just affects those folks who have "forked" it.  namely these people/institutions: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/network/members">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/network/members</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Network Members · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/network/members">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/network/members</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; It might also break any url links from old dspace-tech emails. Since they often have a git commit hash in the url</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there any other GitHub "stats" that are affected if we don't do this mapping?  As developers is it beneficial to have these old commits associated with our GitHub accounts cause it shows our activity over time?  Or is this really not adding anything to the "GitHub experience"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We could just post the mapping somewhere, for anyone who needs to assign blame and can't work it out from the old/new names' similarities.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea. I'm ok with that. I'm definitely not saying we need to redo this mapping.  Just trying to understand the full pros/cons to this decision</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (And I think there is a very big "con" in that all these people who have forked this repo will have a major pain if we delete it and redo it: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/network/members)">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/network/members)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Network Graph · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/network/members)">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/network/members)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'd consider the revision chains to be more important information than the personalities, especially since we won't *lose* the personalities.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; My personal vote is that being able to click on an old commit and have it link to my github profile isn't worth that much</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; New commits (made directly in Git) will link to your github profile (provided you have your email address configured properly)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- if that's the only "pro" then I agree.  Which is why I was trying to determine if there are any other "pros" to redoing the repo altogether (i.e. if GitHub keeps "stats" on developers, or anything)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; perhaps, we would gain that: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/contributors">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/contributors</a> has a big zero, since there are zero mapped authors</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Contributors · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/contributors">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/contributors</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; IMHO, breaking links in archived messages on dspace_tech links isn't worth it, either</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; IT would have been cool to have legacy developer stats, So I could compete against some of the original developers (rtansley et al)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If anyone has work he'd be reluctant or unable to redo, I'd say leave things as they are and we'll deal with the personalities when we need to.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; by personalities you mean committer name+email+link ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so sounds like those in attendance are arriving at a consensus around the "path of least resistance" (which is to just leave it as-is, unless we determine a real strong reason why we need to redo things)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We can dredge stat.s out of SVN and post them somewhere, since they'll be static.  Roll them into combined SVN/Git stat.s if there is an interest in such reports.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 from me as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, personalities = name and email.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; just cause I have no clue about the mapping really -- this wouldn't buy us the "personalities" without re-doing? <a href="http://help.github.com/change-author-info/">http://help.github.com/change-author-info/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Help.GitHub - Change author info ] - <a href="http://help.github.com/change-author-info/">http://help.github.com/change-author-info/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aschweer -- notice the "big bold warning" at the top.  This essentially is a form of "redo" as it breaks your GitHub repos "history"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; aschweer: it would basically be doing that. Rewriting all commits, or deleting entire repo with an author-map in hand, are about equal in incompatibility</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; ah of course, I've only used it on a non-shared repo, didn't think of the commits</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; nevermind me then, I agree with everyone else</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm +1 leave as-is,</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, sounds like a consensus on that then.  I'll email -commit about this decision after the meeting (just so others have an opportunity to voice an opinion, if they feel the need)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; maybe a fun side project: script up an official "leaderboard" that meshes old SVN stats with new GitHub stats</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; cool, then my question #2, what to do about dspace-api-lang and dspace-xmlui-lang</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; RE: the language packs. I think we need to move them over "as-is" right now (otherwise it's a *lot* of code to rewrite).  But, I wonder if we can create a single DSpace/dspace-lang-packs GitHub Project, and put both in the same project? (in anticipation of maybe merging them together in future)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If merging them is more than 1-2hr. work then I think it would have to be a separate issue.  Don't want to hold up the migration for this, though it could be worthwhile.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Oh, I see.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Actuall, I think that dspace-api-lang needs split into really-dspace-api-lang and dspace-jspui-lang</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I agree. But, I again think that's a separate issue. I'd like to keep "reworking language packs &amp; how we are doing them" separate from "move language packs to GitHub".  Otherwise the latter will be waiting for a while.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I agree, its gonna take lots of work to consolidate languages across the board (if that is the intention)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "consolidate language packs" is a good idea (maybe even for 3.0), but it should happen *after* moving to GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (in my opinion)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It makes sense to have a single distinct place for language work.  It takes specialized knowledge of human languages and not much coding knowledge.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; It sounds safe to migrate them as seperate modules/repos, and do the refactoring afterwards</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- what do you think about combining them into one repo though (named "DSpace/dspace-lang-packs") just to keep them in one place?  Just curious if there'd make it easier on folks to find them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; By "combining" into one repo, I mean that the repo "DSpace/dspace-lang-packs" would have two folders: 'dspace-api-lang' and 'dspace-xmlui-lang'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, then again, I guess if we do this, then we'd probably need to do some Maven rework -- so, maybe I'm now arguing against my idea :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The artifact coord.s wouldn't change, would they?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; There is some magic available to do these things. Either through filter-branch, submodules, subtree merge, or through just combining two unrelated repositories</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood - No. I guess it'd jut be a matter of whether we'd want to start "releasing them together" if they are in one GitHub project.  (Currently they are independent of each other)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Because one might want to be able to move message keys from one to the other, and track those changes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; true. PeterDietz. That argues to have them "closer together"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; They could still be released separately, no?  Just go down into whichever *Maven* project subdirectory and 'mvn release:whatever'?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood - yea. that's true. They could still be released separately by running 'mvn release' from the subdirectories</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maven knows where we keep the code, but I don't think it cares.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; So what being project independent. If the webmvc project has language / messages, should those be pumped into dspace-common-languages ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; To clarify:  I don't think this is one of those Maven-will-fight-you-to-the-death issues.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; or, dspace-lang-packs will have /dspace-api /xmlui and /webmvc directories?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- I think that's a great question, but that belongs into the "we need to rethink how we are doing language packs", rather than "move language packs to GitHub".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; So, putting dspace-api-lang and dspace-xmlui-lang into the same repo might be premature</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ...though we'd like to keep things simple</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, in my mind 'dspace-lang-packs' was more about keeping things simple, if possible.  I wasn't sure if we really wanted to start creating a new GitHub repo for *every* Maven module that we have.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; so more of a namespace.. I'm not sure there is any way to have a hierarchy of projects. I think it ends up becoming a massively long list of projects, where rarely used things sink to the bottom</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; p.s. I've added a documentation page on xmlui themes in use by OSU KB.. (in case anyones missed it) : <a href="https://github.com/osulibraries/DSpaceOSUKB/wiki/XMLUI-Customizations-to-Themes">https://github.com/osulibraries/DSpaceOSUKB/wiki/XMLUI-Customizations-to-Themes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Interesting Themes in use by Ohio State University Knowledge Bank · osulibraries/DSpaceOSUKB Wiki · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/osulibraries/DSpaceOSUKB/wiki/XMLUI-Customizations-to-Themes">https://github.com/osulibraries/DSpaceOSUKB/wiki/XMLUI-Customizations-to-Themes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; correct. in that scenario, 'dspace-lang-packs' is almost acting as a "namespace" or "grouping" of similar Maven projects -- the first two being 'dspace-api-lang' and 'dspace-xmlui-lang'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; How about this:  I'll take the lead in investigating the "plausibility" of creating a 'dspace-lang-packs' project with *both* dspace-api-lang and dspace-xmlui-lang contained in it.  I can report back to dspace-commit on what I find out.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and if it "fails" then I'll just delete 'dpace-lang-packs' from GitHub, and move them over into separate GitHub repos</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (PeterDietz -- I may ping you on some of this though, especially if you have any experience on merging two SVN histories into a single GitHub repo)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; TBH I'm less concerned with which way to do this than with the question of when I should start using DSpace@GitHub in earnest.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; it looks like to migrate the lang modules we'll just need a few authors:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; peterdietz:dspace-api-lang peterdietz$ ../authors-generate.sh .</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; cjuergen = NAME &lt;USER@DOMAIN&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; kshepherd = NAME &lt;USER@DOMAIN&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; mdiggory = NAME &lt;USER@DOMAIN&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; peterdietz = NAME &lt;USER@DOMAIN&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; robintaylor = NAME &lt;USER@DOMAIN&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; tdonohue = NAME &lt;USER@DOMAIN&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; and all of these people have github users</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: Currently we should still be using SVN (for main codebase), as the SVN-&gt;GitHub sync is still enabled.   But, as soon as we validate 100% (on dspace-commit) that we will NOT redo '<a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace',">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace',</a> then we could actually switch that main 'trunk' work over to GitHub entirely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm going to for the next 15 or so minutes, migrate these two (api-lang and xmlui-lang) projects into github</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz: Ok, if you want to give it a try, feel free :)  Are you going to move them together into 'dspace-lang-packs' or just migrate them separately?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Also how the work flows.  Are we generally agreed that one forks a project at GitHub, clones that to work on it, pushes back work that's ready to be seen/shared, and then *something happens* to get finished work into DSpace/*?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; tdonohue: I'd like to get some momentum behind the lang-packs for a certain direction to head before making any "structural" changes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I can make a third repository that sort of "glues" these two independent projects into one place</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- good question. I think we need to determine our GitHub workflow.  Fedora Committers went through this same discussion, and developed their own "Git Best Practices" <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Git+Guidelines+and+Best+Practices">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Git+Guidelines+and+Best+Practices</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Git Guidelines and Best Practices - Fedora Repository Development - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Git+Guidelines+and+Best+Practices">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Git+Guidelines+and+Best+Practices</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we will want to develop our own GitHub best practices (which could be similar to Fedora's or entirely our own -- it's up to us)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: admittedly, I need to respond to the thread you started on dspace-devel (thanks for that).  Hopefully we can start to figure out a GitHub workflow that will work well for all of us</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Fedora's document looks like a good starting point.  And I'm going to be pushy about the line-endings stuff, which I hadn't thought of. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes we are obviously way way over time.  Sorry.  GitHub is obviously a very "big" topic. </span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Fedora also has a "Quick Start Guide" for their developers, based on their best-practices: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Git+Quick+Start+Guide">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Git+Quick+Start+Guide</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Git Quick Start Guide - Fedora Repository Development - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Git+Quick+Start+Guide">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Git+Quick+Start+Guide</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One thing to note though.  I *believe* Fedora developers do *not* tend to fork their own project.  Instead they work directly in the main GitHub project itself (and just create a new branch).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I noticed that.  Will have to think about it.  Something to discuss in the coming days.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, that is one decision we will need to make.  Do we like Fedora's workflow?  Do we want to have our developers always *fork* (and work in their public fork)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Branching works only for commiters, other contributors would still have to fork. Is there a reason to make such a distinction?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; dspace-xmlui-lang is looking good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; all authors mapped: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-xmlui-lang/graphs/impact">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-xmlui-lang/graphs/impact</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Impact · DSpace/dspace-xmlui-lang · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-xmlui-lang/graphs/impact">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-xmlui-lang/graphs/impact</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. I unfortunately need to move into "lurking" for a bit.  So, I'm going to "close" the Official meeting.  But, folks are welcome to stick around and continue the discussion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; the distinction between svn-era committers, and github-era committers is somewhat interesting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; helix84: making fork the default for everyone sounds good to me. but I haven't had time to think this through properly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; svn-era, you are literally the only ones who can write/commit to the code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One last thought to add around 'forking' (which helix84's comment reminded me of) -- on *benefit* to forking, is that it can be a process that *every* commit gets a review process (even a simple one)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; github-era, any member of the public can fork/commit/pull-request, and if approved and merged, their work gets pulled in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; and committer = someone who can approve a pull request into the "official" repo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i.e. if all developers (including committers) had to *fork* the main codebase, then everyone would be required to submit a "pull request" in order to have their code reviewed (likely by someone else) before it was applied</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; so a github-era committer, means your more-or-less grandfathered in to be a member of the github-dspace team, who can accept pull-requests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; There's a pro for commiters forking: you could do rebase before commiting and have much clearer logs in "trunk" project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; also, committers forking would mean no issues with different configuration settings all over committers' branches in the main repo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I agree with tdonohue's review point - another pro for forking</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I suppose there might be a _few_ times where I would directly commit/push to DSpace/DSpace, but in most instances, I'd want to test my changes, and get someone's feedback, so I'll have a fork at peterdietz/DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I personally like the idea of working more publicly, it's one of the main reasons to move to GitHub, yes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; PeterDietz: which means we should think about what are the times where you can directly push to DSpace/DSpace -- eg fixing typos in comments etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; hpottinger +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; social coding</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz: yea. I would agree there would likely be some exceptions where we want to directly commit/push to DSpace/DSpace (main codebase).  Like aschweer says, typos are a good example</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Using a personal fork sounds best.  I just want to know what the norm will be.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: luckily, you can still have a local repo with messy history, then rebase it to clean up history before you push it to your public repo and only then make a pull request</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I also admittedly lean towards having a personal public fork (and work publicly).  I think it'd also be a good thing to actually encourage us all to also have our code reviewed by someone else (when possible, and when the change isn't an obvious one).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; helix84: you don't know the half of it, you should see my desk, it's a disaster :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; tdonohue +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Needs to run until later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C154B1.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit:  HydraIRC -&gt; <a href="http://www.hydrairc.com">http://www.hydrairc.com</a> &lt;- Now with extra fish!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, we need to get others "on board" with these ideas.  So, we should move discussion to dspace-devel thread and start to develop our own "best practices"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I don't want to interrupt the important GitHub conversation, but I've been waiting to ask a different question, so if you could just answer me asynchronously...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; mdiggory's been refactoring / consolidating maven projects, so thats worth a peek <a href="https://github.com/mdiggory/DSpace/commits/maven-project-consolidation?">https://github.com/mdiggory/DSpace/commits/maven-project-consolidation?</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Commit History · mdiggory/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/mdiggory/DSpace/commits/maven-project-consolidation?">https://github.com/mdiggory/DSpace/commits/maven-project-consolidation?</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ...why are there communities and collections in DSpace? Why not just one "category" that can be nested?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; It may sound like a noob question, but it's been bothering me for a long time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: the only reason I know of is "that is how DSpace was originally designed back in 2002 and it's never been changed"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; legacy, its been in the data model since forever</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There's occasional talk of reworking that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; it certainly would be much better to consolidate communities and collections into just collections, which can nest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I may have some other suggestions regarding "Metadata for all" that would also require breaking the schema. Could we consider some bigger schema changes for 3.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yea, this is a popular topic.  I think many of us would like to consolidate communities &amp; collections -- but that is a large project.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That's what .0s are for.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 'twas done in the 2.0 project.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But not backported, obviously.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* PeterDietz dspace-api-lang is done -- <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-api-lang/contributors">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-api-lang/contributors</a> </span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Contributors · DSpace/dspace-api-lang · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-api-lang/contributors">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-api-lang/contributors</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: could you give me a link?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: yea, we could definitely make large schema changes for 3.0.  The idea of "Major releases" (.0's) are that we can make larger changes as needed.  It's just a matter of finding volunteer developers to write the code, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: I'm not really a Java programmer, but I have suggestions on how to change schema if that's worth anything</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I wasn't involved in 2.0 but there will be leads on the wiki.  The code is in SVN, yes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood is correct. The DSpace 2.0 "Prototype" did combine Communities &amp; Collections into "Containers" (I think that's the name they used).  That old prototype is up at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+2.0">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+2.0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 2.0 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+2.0">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+2.0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: you are more than welcome to suggest changes (we welcome all community suggestions). It's just a question of whether we'll be able to get them done before 3.0 (as obviously we need to find a volunteer developer or two to actually make the changes suggested) :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, sometimes the act of suggesting changes can also help us to locate interested developers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sure, I'll describe it in Jira</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; On a different note, I'd like to reserve a slot near the end of next DevMtg, there's a patch we'd like to contribute and I'd like to find a sponsor and reviewers for it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; helix84: Any chance you'd want to be the guinea pig and try to make your patch on github, and send a pull request ahead of the meeting?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I still have to prepare the documentation and file a ticket with the patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sure, I can</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; that brings us back to git workflow - will a pull request be a replacement for a ticket?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; or are there issues where one or the other is preferable?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I'd think we'd still want a Jira ticket, but with a link to the pull request instead of a patch?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; one compelling reason to stick with Jira for tickets is so that for the 3.0 release, you can include that a bunch of issues were fixed in that release, by patrolling Jira.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; PeterDietz: you mean in the release notes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; (For the release notes exactly)... and confluence makes that all very easy. We might be able to find some type of GitHub issues widget for the future (if we find github issues / pull requests) to be the way of the future</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll still want a JIRA ticket to describe the change.  But, if you likely could just link to a "pull request" rather than generating a patch.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; OK, Jira ticket + with link to pull request it is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, best place for contributions (thank you!) is to attach to a Jira ticket.  I don't think you have to wait for your number to come up; the weekly Jira review is to ensure that *every* ticket is looked at.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: if there's a specific ticket you'd like to talk about, send me an email. I'd be glad to add it to the agenda in the coming weeks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: I'm afraid whether you would get to it in the 3.0 cycle :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; It's just my opinion that tickets with patches should get priority for DevMtg reviews</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes. :-(  But if something shouldn't wait, say so!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; also, mhwood is correctly describing the process in these meetings.  We'll gladly take a look at specific JIRA tickets (when requested).  But, normally we dig through them in order (and we do have a backlog) in order to ensure every ticket is reviewed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I understand. I'll be prepared for next week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; helix84: Any teaser as to what the issue is about?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; it's a feature i requested a year ago, only now I got a student to actually implement it for me (I'm no Java programmer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; also, the "ticket with patches" getting priority is hard.  Sometimes tickets actually have patches attached, and sometimes they link off to code elsewhere (e.g. the idea to link to a pull request).  So, it's actually hard to determine which have "patches" without looking at all of them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue has to head out. I'll catch up in the logs later.  Bye all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; assuming we'll ever clear through the Jira queue, tickets with patches, can be simple pull-requests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bye tim</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; bye all. I gotta head home too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good time to sign off here as well.  Thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; thanks, see you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@adsl-99-130-174-7.dsl.ipltin.sbcglobal.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; PeterDietz: I edited the wiki page...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ~a week ago i think</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
