<span class="irc-date">[3:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@bb116-14-211-50.singnet.com.sg) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@bb116-14-211-50.singnet.com.sg) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wolfe.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wolfe.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wolfe.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wolfe.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lyncode (~DSpace@bl23-47-147.dsl.telepac.pt) Quit (Quit: lyncode)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@bb116-14-211-50.singnet.com.sg) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@bb116-14-211-50.singnet.com.sg) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lyncode (~DSpace@a89-155-3-84.cpe.netcabo.pt) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lyncode (~DSpace@a89-155-3-84.cpe.netcabo.pt) Quit (Quit: lyncode)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@cm18.epsilon183.maxonline.com.sg) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:42]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@cm18.epsilon183.maxonline.com.sg) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lyncode (~DSpace@a89-155-3-84.cpe.netcabo.pt) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* vtkeithg (~vtkeithg@2001:468:c80:a103:709d:6937:a708:f964) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lyncode (~DSpace@a89-155-3-84.cpe.netcabo.pt) Quit (Quit: lyncode)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* barmintor (~ba2213@dyn-butler-158-112.dyn.columbia.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lyncode (~DSpace@a89-155-3-84.cpe.netcabo.pt) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, my "DSpace Office Hours" are starting now.  <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~tdonohue/DSpace+Office+Hours">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~tdonohue/DSpace+Office+Hours</a>   Ping me if there's anything you'd like to discuss today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* vtkeithg (~vtkeithg@2001:468:c80:a103:709d:6937:a708:f964) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncode&gt; Hi, does DSpace has any defined directory to store runtime generated files?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; No.  Each subsystem that wants to generate files defines a new one under [DSpace].  So we have /exports, /handle-server, /log, /reports, /search, /solr, /upload.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncode&gt; thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lyncode (~DSpace@a89-155-3-84.cpe.netcabo.pt) Quit (Quit: lyncode)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* blob (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* blob (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson (~Adium@cvl13.ece.vt.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lyncode (~DSpace@bl23-47-147.dsl.telepac.pt) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (a@195.113.97.174) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lyncode (~DSpace@bl23-47-147.dsl.telepac.pt) Quit (Quit: lyncode)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~kevin@d54C154B1.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, the DSpace Dev Mtg starts in ~5mins : <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-06-27">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-06-27</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger waves.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@sul272sandbox.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea! kompewter decided to join us :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@128.146.173.59) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm thinking my keep a remote ssh-session open to a server strategy to keep kompewter alive, isn't the best for uptime</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- I think I've offered this before, but we really could just move kompewter over to demo.dspace.org, if that makes things easier</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; PeterDietz: why keep ssh connected? what about using screen or tmux?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* PeterDietz doesn't dive into these types of dark arts</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, looks like we got quite that group today! welcome all! <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-06-27">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-06-27</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2012-06-27 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-06-27">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-06-27</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 starts his voodoo chant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll start things off with JIRA reviews as normal <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-1065+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-1065+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1065">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1065</a> ] - [#DS-1065] Required &amp;quot;id&amp;quot; attribute for every node in controlled vocabularies - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-1065+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-1065+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; beginning with DS-1065</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1065">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1065</a> ] - [#DS-1065] Required &amp;quot;id&amp;quot; attribute for every node in controlled vocabularies - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If it quacks like a daemon....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ds-1065 sounds like a minor little bug, but I'm not familiar enough to say for certain.  Anyone want to investigate?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ds-1065 obviously a bug.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sure, I'll take it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, Ds-1065 Summary: Assign mhwood.  Thanks mark!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up  DS-1067</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1067">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1067</a> ] - [#DS-1067] Add ability to auto-merge old configs with new configs during &amp;#39;ant update&amp;#39; - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ouch, more voodoo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, this was an "experiment" by me.  I got frustrated one day by how you have to always reconfig dspace.  This isn't really "fully functional"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I like the idea, though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, if it is of interest to others, I'd encourage someone to pick it up / take a look.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I.e. this is likely not something I'm gonna get back to anytime soon)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i'd prefer having config options in the database instead of more maven magic :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; agree with helix84</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea..this is actually "ant magic".  But, I agree. Moving configs to DB would resolve this in a better way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; should we leave this open?  Close it? (I won't take offense)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, but that just moves the magic to code that grubs through the database.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DB "magic" code is much easier than "text file parsing" magic code (which is what some of Ds-1067 is)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, but the hard part is the magic.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: yes, but that allows you to actually write a UI for merging, to transfer and backup configs etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think it would be somewhat helpful to present this in a way to help the people who might make use of it the most: infrequent updaters; i.e. not a magic update, but a, "here, your new configs might look something like this..."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; in the merging UI you could even have nice colored diffs, information notes, deprecation warnings, upgrade instructions... i could go on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I like the idea.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lyncode (~DSpace@bl23-47-147.dsl.telepac.pt) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; think of wordpress - you can configure everything from the UI. completely noob-proof</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I also like the idea of doing this from UI / DB. But, we are kinda heading into conceptual areas here (which would be great for someone to start a wiki page / ticket on, if they have plans to work towards this)... Any "resolution" for this ticket?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Actually, if the bulk of the config. is in the DB then we *have to* address that as part of the upgrade.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm gonna suggest we just close this Ds-1067 ticket, as it sounds like other approaches are favored (though we need to start thinking of ways to develop out these other approaches in the future).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If config moves to DB then we should take the opportunity to *make it* more readily upgradeable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; OK, we don't have to solve the configuration problem right now. I'm -1 for this issue, sorry Tim.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I don't think there's any harm to add this optional target to the ant script, if we could revamp it to make it more of a suggestion than an auto-upgrade</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue takes no offense.  I already said we should just close it ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger -- it could be revamped to be an additional 'ant' option</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: I think the harm is when we add it, someone begins to use it and we'll have to maintain it, that's all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds like people want to see this happen but in a different way.  Is that a resolution?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; helix84 has a good point, the patch is in Jira if anyone wants to play with it, I think the idea can wait for DB-based config</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I'm going to close Ds-1067 for now &amp; state that it's not going to be accepted out-of-the-box.  If someone wants to "revitalize" this ticket or play with it more, feel free.  We can always reopen it or create a new ticket if something better comes about</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. We'll end the "JIRA Review" for today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt;  Though we're gonna jump to the ticket briefly that robint asked us for feedback on : DS-1172</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1172">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1172</a> ] - [#DS-1172] Add basic Spring based DAOs  - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'm really just trying to push this along</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; [All] Hi, robint.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Let me say that I think the suggestions Mark made would be an improvement on what I posted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I also think there are probably other better solutions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; But I am a little short on time and want to move on to actually moving the sql out of the model classses</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I believe the existing pull request would bet better than the current code and would allow us to move to something better in due course</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/22/files">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/22/files</a> (direct link to changes)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Request #22: [DS-1172] Add basic Spring plumbing for DAOs by robintaylor · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/22/files">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/22/files</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Nothing stuck out as obviously wrong and it seems a good step on the way to removing DBMS-specificity from the code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; So unless anyone has the time to post an alternative I'm hoping we could merge this change</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This looks OK to me. I think mdiggory had good points, but I also agree with you (robint) that we can refactor more later (and more easily) if we felt the need.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think this is a really cool development, and I'm happy you've taken it on, robint</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, bring this in now and we can build on it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, robint, would your plan be to take this on across the data model for 3.0?  &amp; this pull request is just meant to show a sample for Collections?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Get as much of the sql out of the model classes as possible before 3.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; If others would like to join in that would be great :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 for me, and how can we help?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (One thing I wonder is if we need to "track this" a bit better -- wiki page maybe?  So that others could chip in more easily and know which areas are "done" and which haven't been touch)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Plus, if we have time we could review the plumbing once we have some DAOs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Hi sorry, doing two things at once</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: yep, good idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; My original point to robint was that the Postgres and oracle code all contain 95% of the same code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the only real difference between Oracle and Postgres sql statements involves the use of null vs "" and maybe a couple other types</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; LIMIT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncode&gt; sorry, i was watching your conversation. DAO seems fine, to have an abstraction layer over the Database layer. But.. DAO is getting known as anti-pattern <a href="http://rrees.wordpress.com/2009/07/11/the-dao-anti-patterns/.">http://rrees.wordpress.com/2009/07/11/the-dao-anti-patterns/.</a> Are you considering it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the correct way this should have been handled would have been to burry all the differences in DatabaseStorageManager, then there would not be any "oracle vs postgres" code in any of the data model</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint_ (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Sorry, dodgy connection, did I miss anything ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we're logged robint_  : <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2012-06-27">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2012-06-27</a>  (You may have missed a few comments)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot ] - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2012-06-27">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2012-06-27</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; DatabaseManager + Some of the code dealing with CRUD in the Data model "are" just one of many persistence strategies...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; I accept all the comments about alternative strategies and the shortcomings of what is currently posted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: so what are you suggesting?  do you have an alternative in mind that is "doable" for 3.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and what lyncode says about antipatterns can be taken into consideration... but that article points at a "Data Mapper" pattern that IMO, isn't much different than a DAO</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; But I don't want to get to August still considering alternative strategies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Neither to I, I'm not suggesting implementing any of those alternative persistence mechanisms at all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm just saying move the legacy code into one dao, not two</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its actually less work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; IE LegacyCollectionDAO, not PostgresCollectionDAO and OracleCollectionDAO</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- I'd say "potentially" less work.  You still may have to muck around with "if (oracle) [option#1] else [option#2]" stuff though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; leave that up to later DAO coding in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; But we have a pull request for one option currently on the table</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; future versions....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Are you offering to post an alternative ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; robint_: the PullRequest is only just for the Collection DAO correct, the rest of the model isn't yet ported....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Ah ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so theres still Site, Community, Item, Bundle, Bitstream, and numerous supporting objects to port still.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint_ : I think mdiggory is stating that his "alternative" is  nearly identical to the current pull request, except that he collapses PostgresCollectionDAO and OracleCollectionDAO into a single "LegacyCollectionDAO" (as the two classes are nearly identical anyways)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; If you don't object we could accept the current pull request</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; tdonohue:understood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; mdiggory: but code the rest as you suggest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; and then refactor the Collection code to bring it in line</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Just trying to avoid having to retest what is there and post another pull request</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; To clarify, what I am pushing back on is selecting the dao based on database vendor vs persistence mechanism</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; robint_: you realize the Pull Request is "live", if you alter your branch, the changes are expressed int he pull request?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; [tangent]  It almost seems as though what one needs is a domain-specific language for manipulating the data model, a translator that recognizes it, and 1..N backends that produce nearly-optimal "code" for various persistence mechanisms.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you can rollback your changes, refactor, add new commits to your hearst content without having to redo the pull request</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, Pull request code can be altered directly/easily.  Robint, if you just commit new code to your "DS-1172" branch it will auto-appear in that pull #22</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1172">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1172</a> ] - [#DS-1172] Add basic Spring based DAOs  - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Yes, I know its a trivial change, but we have to draw a line somewhere and commit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Bear in mind that this is the third pull request posted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; well, I kinda did just draw the line int he sand... (sorry I say that in a most polite manner)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; mdiggory: :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; robint_: this will probbily simplify some of the issues with selecting the appropriate DAO.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; mdiggory: agreed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; ok, I give in :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this wierdness can get removed and the DOA provider selected exclusively via spring configuration...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/robintaylor/DSpace/commit/3e504ad6548d36bfba10f11858741e63e4a05ae8#L5R39">https://github.com/robintaylor/DSpace/commit/3e504ad6548d36bfba10f11858741e63e4a05ae8#L5R39</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; I'll update the pull request. This has been useful. Thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the selection of the databse vendor can stay in the Configuration / DatabaseManager</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; At the very least, we can remove some configuration stuff and just ask the driver what DBMS it's for.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It sounds like we have an agreement around a "Legacy[Object]DAO" then &amp; the pull request will get updated (thanks robint!).. and that we likely should start up a Wiki page (or something) to track status &amp; allow others to more easily help out.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, we'll go ahead and move on to other topics then.... feel free to continue discussion on Ds-1172  and/or dspace-devel.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; I'll bash on, apologies for hogging the meeting. Cheers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: I actually thought about some of that a bit and I concluded that take something like the null issue that is seeded throughout the code...   db != "oracle" ? null : ""</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thanks robint_, again, if you want me to aid in any manner just ping me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Will do, thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that above code should have been hidden in DatabaseManager.getNull()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; mdiggory++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, next up.  I wanted to mention that this is the *last* "official" DSpace Developer Meeting before OR12.  I'll be out next week (July 4 is a US holiday), and OR12 is July 9-13.  So, that means our next "official" meeting is Weds, July 18.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and some of the other nuances could have been hidden as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (If individuals want to meet "unofficially" either of the next few weeks, you are welcome to do so.. just no "official" meeting)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i'll be here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The OR12 Face-to-Face Meeting Agenda is mostly "finalized" (may be small tweaks, but nothing major): <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-09+-+OR12+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-09+-+OR12+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2012-07-09 - OR12 Meeting - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-09+-+OR12+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-09+-+OR12+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; if you *are* going to OR12, I invite you to fill out your Crowdvine profile: <a href="http://or2012.crowdvine.com/">http://or2012.crowdvine.com/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Open Repositories 2012 - Home (CrowdVine) ] - <a href="http://or2012.crowdvine.com/">http://or2012.crowdvine.com/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There's also now a location posted on that meeting page (thanks robint for helping set things up for us)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One question I did have about the OR12 Meeting is if there's anyone who will be attending that'd be willing to help out Richard Rodgers by leading a discussion?  Essentially all the Discussion topics for the Afternoon don't have a leader yet: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-09+-+OR12+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-09+-+OR12+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2012-07-09 - OR12 Meeting - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-09+-+OR12+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-09+-+OR12+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There's two main sessions needing a discussion leader: (1)  "3.0 Planning" Session (which I assume one or more 3.0 Team Members could help with -- not sure who all will be there though), and (2) "Discussions of DSpace Developer Practices" session</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; if you would be willing to lead/co-lead or even just help out Richard, please get in touch with Richard &amp; I</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; I'd happily help out, 3.0 might be a sensible choice in Sands absence</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That'd be great robint_!  Thanks.  Yea, as far as I know Sands won't make it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I can contribute some assistance in leadership if needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- care to lead / co-lead discussion on the "DSpace Developer Practices" session.  Essentially it's an open ended discussion of how we can improve developer workflows (JIRA/GitHub/etc).  You don't even need to prepare anything</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but will differ to robint_ if he's also interested (think we were typing at the same time)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that was supposed to be a question : "care to lead / co-lead discussion on the "DSpace Developer Practices" session?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Happy either way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; there's two sessions...so, you can each have one, if you want it ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; For example: 3.0 -&gt; Robint  , Developer Practices -&gt; mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'll take the session at the Pair Tree House</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; lol</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; as discussion leader, I think you do have final say over the choice of venue... :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ba dum dum</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 this: 3.0 -&gt; Robint  , Developer Practices -&gt; mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; robint_: your pretty active on the release team?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; to be clear, neither of these sessions requires any preparation really (no slides necessary).  You just need to kick off the discussion topic and perhaps pose questions / keep discussion flowing along.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint_ is on the 3.0 release team :)    so that's "active"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hpottinger: I think I'm ok with that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ok... pencil me in for Developer Practices</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I'll "pencil in" : 3.0 -&gt; Robint  , Developer Practices -&gt; mdiggory   If you change you minds on the day-of, or want to hand it over to Richard, I'm sure he won't mind.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, we're running out of time here.  But, I did just want to send out a notice about some "brainstorms" I've had about reworking our JIRA workflows</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/JIRA+Workflow+Improvements">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/JIRA+Workflow+Improvements</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ JIRA Workflow Improvements - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/JIRA+Workflow+Improvements">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/JIRA+Workflow+Improvements</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This could really just be a topic in that "Developer Practices" session at OR12 (which mdiggory is penciled in for).  It's just brainstorms, but I think it's worth discussing at some point</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (though today we are a bit "out of time")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i agree that Open and In progress seem to be currently redundant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue I agree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i mean they're used interchangeably</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; In Progress is to measure things we don't track.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: what does that mean?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Essentially the goal here is to better clarify *why* some JIRA issues are just "sitting around".  That wiki page had my brainstorm of a new workflow.  But, it could definitely use more eyes/feedback before we jump in and do anything different</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Go to go. Cheers all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint_ (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; question: can we define custom issue states in Jira or can we only choose from a pre-determined set?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; helix84:  we don't typically estimate time-to-solution or track progress.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: so you're sayng In progress is used for something we don't do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll just add a link to this "JIRA Workflow" brainstorm into  OR12 meeting agenda (in the "Developer Practices" session.  If you all get to it, great.  If not, we can talk about it after OR12 sometime.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: It is possible to define completely custom states in JIRA.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Does JIRA have a state "everyone is hoping that someone else feels more confident to tackle this one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i suggest we KISS as much as possible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tend to agree with helix84 that Open and in progress are a little redundant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; (that came out wrong)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ba dum dum! ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- no, but we can "create one" if you know what it is called?   Currently, in my brainstorm (on the wiki page), I'd probably lump that under "Needs Volunteer" status -- as no one has stepped forward to take it on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger would like it noted that all this talk of OR12 being imminent kind of freaks him out a bit...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: i basically agree with your proposal</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We need a state "unvoluntarily assigned to mhwood"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I'm gonna close out the "official meeting" now.  But, feel free to stick around if you want (I'll be here for a while still).  For those of you heading to OR12 in Edinburgh, have fun!  (Again, next IRC mtg is Weds, July 18)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; note: having "Needs volunteer" will help preparing for GSoC, theses on DSpace etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- I like that.  I meant to include that "mhwood" status in the diagram but forgot about it ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hey, no plotting behind my back until I've left....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; another proposed status: patch likely already exists :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: yea, I think the "Needs Volunteer" and "Needs More Details" statuses will both help to better explain why a ticket is still "open" and what needs to happen next.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; New extremely simplified Diagram:   "Received" -&gt; "Assigned to mhwood" -&gt; "Closed"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Seriously, I do think that the proposed states are sensible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There *is* a way to automagically assign incoming issues, but we should all get a share.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; needs "You gotta be kidding me!" stage that immediately deletes user who created task from JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, feedback is definitely welcome.  If you have an idea for another status, feel free to add a comment to that page and/or create an alternative diagram.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; even simpler... "Assigned to mhwood" -&gt; "Closed"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; all kidding aside, proposal looks fine as-is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; because he requested automatic assignment just now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; automatic assignment doesn't preclude manual assignment...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger welcomes our new mhwood overlord</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; suggested status: "Assignee needs to be poked with a cattle prod"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Must go, have a fitting for the black cape....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lyncode (~DSpace@bl23-47-147.dsl.telepac.pt) Quit (Quit: lyncode)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~kevin@d54C154B1.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* barmintor is now known as barmintor_afk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lyncode (~DSpace@bl23-47-147.dsl.telepac.pt) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (a@195.113.97.174) has left #duraspace</span><br />
