<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stevew (~stevew@lt91-128.eecs.qmul.ac.uk) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stevew (~stevew@lt91-128.eecs.qmul.ac.uk) Quit (Quit: stevew)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stevew (~stevew@lt91-128.eecs.qmul.ac.uk) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stevew (~stevew@lt91-128.eecs.qmul.ac.uk) Quit (Quit: stevew)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stevew (~stevew@lt91-128.eecs.qmul.ac.uk) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stevew (~stevew@lt91-128.eecs.qmul.ac.uk) Quit (Quit: stevew)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C14B50.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, reminder that in ~10min we have our weekly DSpace Developer Mtg here.  Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-01-11">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-01-11</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz-alt (~dspace@sul272sandbox.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@18.111.24.146) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all -- looks like we are a smaller group today overall :)  In any case, here's the agenda for today (it's mostly an open agenda): <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-01-11">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-01-11</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Welcome back tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; "</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks, good to be back :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (albeit a little sleep deprived these days)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; don't operate heavy machinery  ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, if gibberish starts coming from my keyboard, just assume I've fallen asleep (kidding, mostly)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. may as well get started here with the normal JIRA review....from what I could gather from past mtg logs, you all left off at Ds-918.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-919+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-919+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll start off then at DS-919</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-919">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-919</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (no kompewter, I see.  oh well, we'll do this manually)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good ideas, I think; just needs an implementation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; This seems more like a problem statement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to what mhwood said. I like the ideas, we just need someone to "run with this" and bring forward an implementation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; tdonohue +1 -- it'd be neat to have something better than what we have now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; kompewter is dead, my computer is dead (terrible ethernet stability). My new computer comes next week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if anyone is interested in this area, please feel free to claim Ds-919 (no specific timeframe or deadline expected)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; RIP kompewter (you will be missed for the time being), and RIP PeterDietz-alt's old computer :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; I think we need to use something more updated than iplists.com</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (Small digression -- if you felt it useful, PeterDietz-alt, you could ping me about bringing kompewter back to life on DuraSpace servers.   It's up to you)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 PeterDietz-alt to that idea as well.  Would be better to move bot detection away from IP-based (as those IPs are never truly "stable", except for the largest bots like Google)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ds-919 summary: Needs a volunteer.  Support for the idea.  Someone should post these notes to JIRA issue as a comment (if no one gets to it, Tim will tackle after meeting)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DS-920: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-920">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-920</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; I like expand/collapse. We use it at OSU: See example: <a href="https://kb.osu.edu/dspace/community-list">https://kb.osu.edu/dspace/community-list</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; cool idea.  patch likely needs a close look though (and testing)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* PeterDietz-alt wonders if HTML5 spec has thought about this type of thing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone interested in looking at this patch closer (and investigating the HTML5 question -- I'm also not sure)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; I'll volunteer to get expand/collapse UI in there for collection list.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmmm...one not-so-good thing about this Ds-920 work.  I notice it uses the 'treeview' jQuery plugin which claims to now be unmaintained: <a href="http://bassistance.de/jquery-plugins/jquery-plugin-treeview/">http://bassistance.de/jquery-plugins/jquery-plugin-treeview/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz-alt -- sounds good.  Feel free to claim DS-920 then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along, next up: DS-921 <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-921">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-921</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; maybe ping reporter to see if he still intends to post a new version?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood tries to figure out how they managed to wind up under all those constraints.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood thinks maybe they want to look into Git.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It sounds like three issues to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; not very clear whether this build script uses Maven or not.  but, then again, I notice the build script itself wasn't posted for us to review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; I just realized I'm very spoiled now that I have IDEA. Press the green button to rebuild + start tomcat server, press the blue button to rebuild/recompile + hotswap affected classes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; Edit trunk/dspace/pom.xml to set default.dspace.dir default.dspace.password etc... and have each developer never commit that. They all could use git and have own branches.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Hi robint</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it sounds like all we may be able to do here is ping reporter (as richardrodgers suggests).  Until we get the build script, it's hard to tell for sure if there are other recommendations we can give (e.g. using git, or using an IDE to help out with common tasks)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; for Ds-921, I'll ping the reporter and ask about this script -- assign tdonohue for now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hi robint</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, we can stop the JIRA review there for now, and move on to other topics (which are mostly "open discussion" for today)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; the only real topic I had was just to congratulate us all on 1.8.1 (robint especially), and ask if anyone has noticed anything necessitating a 1.8.2 yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (obviously, we don't need to make a decision on a 1.8.2 immediately -- but it's something to keep in mind in coming weeks.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@sul272sandbox.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; DS-1044</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1044">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1044</a> ] - [#DS-1044] Select Collection step limits length of collection name, leading to difficulty in picking the correct collection. - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; haa.. fixed it just in time :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kompewter is back from the dead!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers_ (~richardro@18.111.24.146) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; I've started to turn the corner to think about 3.x stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@18.111.24.146) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers_ is now known as richardrodgers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Surprised it doesn't recognize "back from the dead" and respond:  "Braaaains!"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; I'd like to have some significant improvements underway. But in the mean time.. I'm trying to sneak things in before the ReleaseTeam can notice</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; its day time here... It would prefer to be sleeping</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz-alt -- I agree that I'd rather try to move on to 3.0 things.  But, obviously if some major bug pops up, then I'm not against doing a 1.8.2 to stabilize</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; thus.. I'm not aware of anything wrong with 1.8.x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; No complaints about 1.8.1, but...I thought the answer to "are we doing 1.8.2 or 3.0 now" was "yes."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I also think this should be a 'free period' before we have to worry about releases for a while - we should encourage experimentation, discussions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, currently we are still under the assumption that there *may be* a 1.8.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 richardrodgers  -- now is definitely the time for major brainstorming / "crazy" ideas / experimentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; hmm. locally, I'm trying to come up with an alternative to Solr, since we've essentially hit the wall with performance. We're a bit hesitant to buy a VM just for solr, so I've been looking at alternatives (elastic search) that _may_ have better performance than solr. I think KevinVdV  has been looking at another commercial search provider.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Do you know where the problem lies with Solr ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I've recently started a 'modernizer' track of thinking  - taking a small subset of DSpace code and replacing things with newer stuff...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Is it just the quantity of data ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; several several gigabyte large files that need to be written, and read from disk to accomplish operations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So then IIRC there would be some work to do in further decoupling DSpace from ${particularSearchImplementation}?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Thats a pity. Solr promises so much :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; yep.. xmlui is a bit tied to solr, but thats understandable. I don't know how to abstractly query things.. without doing it the proper way.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; RE: Solr, I also wonder whether the fault is Solr itself, or if we do not have a fully "optimized" way of indexing via Solr (i.e. is it how we are using Solr?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; from 'tired' -&gt; 'wired' (as the magazine used to do)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; basically, I think solr doesn't shard as well as I'd like it to (I'm not a lucene-mailing-list expert, so please don't throw stones at me).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; e.g. log4j -&gt; slf4j/logback</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've been using slf4j in new classes, since I noticed we already depend on it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; java dates -&gt; joda time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; apache commons -&gt; guava</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'm googleing like mad !!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; commons-jdbc -&gt; bonecp</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz-alt -- so, are you convinced that Solr is the problem?  I know there are some very large scale Solr implementations out there (e.g. HathiTrust): <a href="http://wiki.apache.org/solr/SolrPerformanceData">http://wiki.apache.org/solr/SolrPerformanceData</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ SolrPerformanceData - Solr Wiki ] - <a href="http://wiki.apache.org/solr/SolrPerformanceData">http://wiki.apache.org/solr/SolrPerformanceData</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; richardrodgers, I like that too.. I'll be thinking, there's got to be a really easy way for me to output this date object as ISO8601, so i google it, and the answer is use joda... or do SimpleDateFormat("yyyy-mm-...")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Um, commons-jdbc is commons-dbcp?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers: I like the idea of 'modernizing' DSpace stuff.  Are you able to put this work up somewhere so others can "chip in"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mhwood: yea, sorry I meant commons-dbcp</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: sure - I'll put it up in Github. People can fork it, and apply their own fave libraries...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (i.e. hint hint hint : ever thought of posting your ongoing work up on GitHub so others can fork &amp; help out?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; richardrogers: I like your idea too and would be happy to help out a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha...same time, same idea.  cool :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; hey.. this sounds like the perfect opportunity to finish DSpace's migration to GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; all in favor:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to getting this up on Github.  I'd chip in (plus this would force us all to start playing with Github)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; One thing we need to modernize again is the PostgreSQL driver....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; Wait.. are we voting for richardrodgers to put his stuff on github, or... to cut the rope and make all dspace contributions through github</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; bc.. this could be as simple as people watching Richards fork of the project on github</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Will do - but for ease of use, I started with a very small subset of DSpace (I'm calling it the 'kernel') - basically a stripped down dspace-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'm generally in favour of migrating to Github, but what would be the conseqences for Maven releases ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- I'm generally in favor of moving towards github.  But, I'm still very much a novice, and I'm not sure of the best "policies" about contributions via github yet (e.g. Fedora established their own best practices for GitHub: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Git+Guidelines+and+Best+Practices)">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Git+Guidelines+and+Best+Practices)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; consequences</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; We'll cross the maven bridge when we get there.. And the good news is that the RT will be a series of people figuring it out, instead of just one person.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to what robint said too. But, I'm sure we can do Maven via GitHub, as Fedora already does it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; robint: I don't think we'd have maven problems; github seem to be interested in making it easy to use the two together: <a href="https://github.com/github/maven-plugins">https://github.com/github/maven-plugins</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ github/maven-plugins - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/github/maven-plugins">https://github.com/github/maven-plugins</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; For using Git, there's SmartGit for windows, perhaps even tortoise git. Mac users have tower. And linux users are hardcore, and will use command line.. or git gui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I am sure we can do it, but our current poms and release procedure do depend on the classic SVN directory structure, so there would be work to be donee</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I've been using github for my dspace code since we upgraded to 1.7 and I'm really happy with it. Just annoyed I can't have a public and a private fork of the same project in the same user account</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; robint: ah good point</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think my only outstanding concerns with GitHub revolve around what the "preferred workflow" for submissions should be.  I noted that Fedora has specifically noted some things that one should NEVER do via git (as it messes others up): <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Git+Guidelines+and+Best+Practices">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Git+Guidelines+and+Best+Practices</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Git Guidelines and Best Practices - Fedora Repository Development - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Git+Guidelines+and+Best+Practices">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Git+Guidelines+and+Best+Practices</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, then again, as Fedora has gone down this path first, we could likely just take the same path they are on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint -- yea, there will likely be a small pain to clean up all the pom references.  But, we could always make sure to run a test release or two after the migration would happen to ensure we have it all working right again (i.e. we wouldn't want to wait until 3.0 release is pending obviously)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers_ (~richardro@18.111.24.146) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; I think their flow is fine. The only tricky points I can think of is do we want 2 dozen committers with push access to the repo. Or so have 2 dozen committers, each with a fork, the gets pull requested, and then reviewed by the top-most-reviewer... i.e. Linus</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@18.111.24.146) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers_ is now known as richardrodgers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz-alt : you think Linus would be interested in reviewing our code (kidding)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; I'm sure Linus has written a research paper or two. Its gotta be in someone's repo. Maybe we can check some schools in Finland for it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I'm about to run off into another meeting, but would it work to have push access for all committers *but* an agreement that all contributions are done via pull requests?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I agree though, the big issue here is how we all work together via GitHub.  It may initially be a bit of a major change / pain-point early on as we start to figure out what works or what doesn't.  But, in the long run, Github seems like it will help, even if there's initial pain</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; sorry, I need to go. bye everyone!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Now is certainly the time to do it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to that, robint</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; One other thing that the kernel has is individuals who collect work on different aspects:  one person reviews SCSI, another networks, etc.  Then they tell Linus when they have a collection they think he should pull.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; hmmm. so module reviewers/admins</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, do we want to do a quick, informal vote here to see where everyone is currently standing on GitHub?    (+1 = in favor of move, 0 = not sure / don't care, -1 = I prefer SVN how it is, thank you)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; I'm +1 to going DSpace fully GitHub.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm +1  (though I know it may be a bit painful early on for some of us)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; 0, but happy to be lead</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; ... by others thaat is !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Btw does anybody who has used Github with DSpace have a small readme for the ones who hardly know what Github is (in other words me)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; DVCS:  definitely.  Git:  probably.  GitHub:  not quite so sure yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV, see: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Tracking+your+source+code+with+Git">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Tracking+your+source+code+with+Git</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Tracking your source code with Git - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Tracking+your+source+code+with+Git">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Tracking+your+source+code+with+Git</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I think vote is premature - we should encourage people to get their GIt feet wet, then decide nearer a major release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, some other good Git Resources on the Fedora Wiki (most are actually a bit generic to Git/Github)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Fedora Git Guidelines: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Git+Guidelines+and+Best+Practices">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Git+Guidelines+and+Best+Practices</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Git Guidelines and Best Practices - Fedora Repository Development - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Git+Guidelines+and+Best+Practices">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Git+Guidelines+and+Best+Practices</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Thanks tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; richardrodgers: Would we want to migrate near a major release ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Other Fedora Git resources: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Working+with+Git">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Working+with+Git</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Working with Git - Fedora Repository Development - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Working+with+Git">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Working+with+Git</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers -- this isn't a formal, binding vote.  Merely my trying to see where everyone is at, and who is "on the fence" or "against it"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; robint: not on the edge of the release, but with enough time to plan out release mechanics, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Why just before rather than, say, just after?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; I should note that I did have a intro-to-git session on 2011-02-09, almost a year ago.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: OK, I see - I'm cool moving to GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree with "getting our feet wet" though (and perhaps moving more of our current DSpace projects/work over to GitHub little by little -- for example, if anyone is working on a new "module" or updating an existing one, why not try and move your work to GitHub to get more familiar in that space)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Would it be worth scheduling a date for a vote to encourage (force) us to give it some thought ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 robint.  Maybe we say we'll vote sometime in Feb (mid or end)?  Gives us a month to ponder things, and also ensures that if we decide to move, we are doing it very *early* in the 3.0 development cycle (so that 3.0 isn't affected)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Sounds like a good timetable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I've got to run - but I will put up the 'modernizer' stuff in the next few weeks....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thoughts on that?  I can send an email to dspace-commit &amp; dspace-devel about this concept and we can set a deadline to vote as end of Feb.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@18.111.24.146) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Vote in Feb. sounds reasonable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; A proper heads-up to the lists is a good idea.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; Already the dspace/webmvc module lives fully on github.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, sounds good.  I'll take on a task of emailing dspace-commit &amp; dspace-devel about this discussion.  I'll encourage everyone to start playing with Github, and warn that a final vote is coming on Weds, Feb 29 (our last DSpace Devel meeting in Feb)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; I talked to Bojan when we were at the Google Mentor summit about moving the REST API to github, and we has on the fence. He doesn't know git.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it's a leap day vote on taking a leap to Github! :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; .g leap day</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; PeterDietz-alt: <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/February_29">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/February_29</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; To this end, I'm also planning to talk to RichardRodgers about moving our 'dspace-replicate' (Replication Task Suite) work to GitHub as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  we're over time here I see.  So, folks are free to head off if you need to.  This is the last topic for today, so the meeting is adjourned.  I'll stick around though if others have things to discuss</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; if anyone has questions or doubts about git / github, feel free to pose them to me. I'm pretty knowledgeable/biased on the subject.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; ...or push them to the list, once tim emails the list.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'm curious to know how tags, branches, trunk etc work in Git land</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks, PeterDietz-alt.  I may take you up on some of that myself in coming days/weeks (as I'm still learning &amp; getting my feet wet) :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; tag is just a named commit. Nothing gets copied into a directory called tags. Just there is a pointer with a name to a commit at a specific point in time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; but our existing tags have migrated to github, and on release day, the RC will just pick the pencils down commit, and tag it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: I'd encourage reading some of the Git resources that Fedora folks have compiled from around the web: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Git+Resources">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Git+Resources</a>  (that's how I've slowly been learning about the differences between Git &amp; SVN)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Git Resources - Fedora Repository Development - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Git+Resources">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCREPO/Git+Resources</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Ok thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; To think about branches., I'll have to think backwards. i.e. all development gets levied against master (read: trunk)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; then when its time to sunset one line of development and then to shift to another line. i.e. we've just released 1.8.0, then we create a branch, which gets commits pushed to it as needed for the bug fixes. But all other activity would stick to master.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; When doing the Maven release Maven nicely creates an SVN tag and branch for you. I wonder if it does equivelant actions for Git. You would hope so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: Also, just found this resource -- an intro to Git for those who know SVN: <a href="http://git.or.cz/course/svn.html">http://git.or.cz/course/svn.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Git - SVN Crash Course ] - <a href="http://git.or.cz/course/svn.html">http://git.or.cz/course/svn.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint -- yea, I would hope so.  I think it does, but I'd have to check with Fedora on how they are generating their branches &amp; tags in GitHub: <a href="https://github.com/fcrepo/fcrepo">https://github.com/fcrepo/fcrepo</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ fcrepo/fcrepo - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/fcrepo/fcrepo">https://github.com/fcrepo/fcrepo</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Perfect ! I have reached the age when evrything new has to be explained to me in terms of something I already know :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha :) yea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'm a +1.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; Even if maven didn't create those things for you, (i.e. it just touched your master, and altered the poms.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; In git its an easy, and sometimes common task to jump back in time, and branch off of a previous commit. So, the RC would after the fact, create the tag and the branch. Just a few minutes of work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Need to run, thanks for all the git information, will hopefully get my feet wet in the weekend (so I can switch from 0 to +1 (hopefully))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C14B50.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; And instead of being scary operations (tagging, branching), in Git, its not scary at all. Especially since it initially just alters your local copy, and not replicating your mistake world wide. So if you mis-tag you delete the tag, fix it, then push to the world.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Nah, those aren't scary.  Merging a vendor drop...that's scary.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sonatype also has a reference to performing Maven Releases from GitHub: <a href="http://www.sonatype.com/people/2009/09/maven-tips-and-tricks-using-github/">http://www.sonatype.com/people/2009/09/maven-tips-and-tricks-using-github/</a>   (At a glance looks very similar to our current Sonatype release processes)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Sonatype Blog Â» Maven Tips and Tricks: Using GitHub ] - <a href="http://www.sonatype.com/people/2009/09/maven-tips-and-tricks-using-github/">http://www.sonatype.com/people/2009/09/maven-tips-and-tricks-using-github/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I've git to run (groan). Cheers all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; if your vendor had a git repo as well, you could do your vendor as a remote submodule. So that their drop is just "check out version 4.0 of xProject", as opposed to extracting a tar ball in a directory.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, that's exactly why I want a DVCS, even though I have to learn to work in it.  Right now, every time DSpace releases, I merge it into our local SVN so I can use SVN's comparison tools between stock DSpace and our local instances.  I do think Git will make this easier once I'm comfortable with it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; I'll admit that since I jumped the gun on git, i.e. making OSU's DSpace repository use git before duraspace/dspace used git. I can't easily merge the upstream changes into our local system. I will set the record straight when we upgrade to 1.8 (we're at 1.7 now).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; I'm gonna head back over to my main computer (with flaky networking). I can't do my regular work from this lab machine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I need to tend to some other stuff too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz-alt&gt; so.. later all. Maybe a good exercise for teaching people Git, would be to put an html site into github. i.e. the content of the splash page of demo.dspace.org...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz-alt (~dspace@sul272sandbox.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
