<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2012-02-01
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* benoitg (~benoitg@132.211.90.125) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* benoitg (~benoitg@132.211.90.125) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* benoitg (~benoitg@132.211.90.125) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* benoitg (~benoitg@132.211.90.125) Quit (Ping timeout: 248 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wolfe.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wolfe.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wolfe.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wolfe.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@host213-123-239-134.in-addr.btopenworld.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* root (~root@gwdi.di.uminho.pt) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* root is now known as Guest69132</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Guest69132 is now known as elschlomo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* elschlomo (~root@gwdi.di.uminho.pt) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-24-13-90-87.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@host213-123-239-134.in-addr.btopenworld.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@vpn-client-37.city.ac.uk) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* benoitg (~benoitg@184.151.115.127) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs1 (~Graham@host213-123-239-134.in-addr.btopenworld.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@vpn-client-37.city.ac.uk) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* benoitg (~benoitg@184.151.115.127) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs1 (~Graham@host213-123-239-134.in-addr.btopenworld.com) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* benoitg (~benoitg@184.151.115.127) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* benoitg (~benoitg@184.151.115.127) Quit (Ping timeout: 248 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C14B50.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger_ (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, reminder that our weekly DSpace Devel Mtg starts in ~5 mins.  Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-02-01">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-02-01</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2012-02-01 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-02-01">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-02-01</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@18.111.95.44) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* AmyLana (80cea2c2@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.162.194) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome!  It's time to start up our weekly DSpace Developers Mtg.  General Agenda for today: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-02-01">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-02-01</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2012-02-01 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-02-01">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-02-01</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; as usual, we'll kick things off with our JIRA catchup review for first ~15mins</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-937+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-937+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-937">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-937</a> ] - [#DS-937] Stop using Email Address as Identifier for DSpace User. - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-937+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-937+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; today we start up with DS-937</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-937">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-937</a> ] - [#DS-937] Stop using Email Address as Identifier for DSpace User. - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* JoseBlanco (8dd32b9d@gateway/web/freenode/ip.141.211.43.157) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; obviously this is a new feature / idea.  But, do we have any immediate thoughts around this idea  that we want to voice now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's a good time to be thinking about it, with 3.0 being pulled together.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Sounds good, although its not something that has been a problem personally</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* benoitg (~benoitg@173.246.5.249) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I guess I'd like to see a bit more of a fleshed out proposal...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think the only area where I've seen this as a potential "problem" is that we currently don't allow folks to change their associate email (cause it's tied into so much other stuff, as it's the main user ID)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Exactly:  it pins down something that should be a mutable attribute of the profile.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i.e it'd be nice to allow users to easily change their email addresses, and use something else as the permanent "user ID"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; The last para of the last comment by Mark seems to be on a slightly different topic, or have I misunderstood ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If I move to a different institution, or switch ISPs, then I get a new address.  So I either have to re-register and abandon the old registration, or give up on subscribing to change notices, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, sounds like there's some general "interest" here, just need a direction/proposal/prototype mapped out a bit better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: yea, mdiggory has a few topics interwoven here in his discussion of "provenance"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: I think the main point is that 'email' is currently tied into so many things -- we need to "untie" it a bit, and think about using something else as the ID, so that folks can change their email</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think the provenance stuff comes in because we record NetID there instead of EPerson_ID?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; One thing to at least keep in mind, if we switch to truly unique identifier, there will be some pressure to utilize our repository to produce metrics</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; provenance currently uses email actually, I believe</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Define "unique".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; emplid</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Unique within a DSpace instance?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hmmm, the user might not *be* an emp, anywhere.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; unique within DSpace is fine, an ID used institutionally or more widely might lead to situations where certain researchers get "spooked"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I was just thinking this new "ID" needs to just be unique within a DSpace instance (and it may even be generated/created internal to DSpace).  It may be "mappable" to an employee ID or similar, but we don't have to use an External/Institutional ID as this "ID"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it may just be that all we're moving towards is having a dspace "username".  You may even be able to choose your own username, it just needs to be unique in your DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The storage layer already creates a unique-within-instance EPerson ID.  We should use that, for example to look up external identifying information related to a provenance record.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Suppose your "username" is your EPerson ID, but you identify yourself as an EPerson by presenting your current email, NetId, retina scan, whatever.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; db keys are a bit fragile as IDs...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I'd rather avoid having db keys as the "ID".  It makes things like "Backup &amp; Restore" much harder (as you then have to try and retain DB IDs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I prefer something like a "username" which is required to be unique</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, whatever, but it doesn't have to be either visible or enterable by the user whom the EPerson represents.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; in any case, it seems like we have a lot of useful ideas here.  I'll take an action to post a copy of this discussion into comments of Ds-937</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger_ remembers Kim Shepherd's slide at OR11 urging us to treat people as objects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood : point taken</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; speaking of kshepherd...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, sounds like this may be a larger topic in general.  I'll post these comments over to Ds-937 and we can start brainstorming some more both there &amp; in future meetings</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; My ears were burning...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- yea, read back in the logs.  We just spent a good while on Ds-937</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ah yes... that one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, we're gonna just stop the JIRA review there for today, as we have a rather 'full' agenda today, and we already spent a good 15+mins on that one :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I have a very simple take for all identifiers - either find a bloody good reason not to, or something that is better for the circumstances, otherwise just use UUIDs *everywhere*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, the next topic up is to discuss DS-1021, which is of high interest to DCAT.  AmyLana (of DCAT &amp; U of Missouri) is joining us today.  I know where hoping to see if we can find a few volunteers or interested persons</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1021">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1021</a> ] - [#DS-1021] Add integration with an online document viewer (like flash based FlexPaper) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; AmyLana, anything you wanted to say in support of DS-1021, etc?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1021">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1021</a> ] - [#DS-1021] Add integration with an online document viewer (like flash based FlexPaper) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;AmyLana&gt; Hi everyone--thanks for fitting me in today.  I'm actually here begging for 2 volunteers, the first for <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1021">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1021</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1021">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1021</a> ] - [#DS-1021] Add integration with an online document viewer (like flash based FlexPaper) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [#DS-1021] Add integration with an online document viewer (like flash based FlexPaper) - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1021">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1021</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;AmyLana&gt; I understand that Ohio State/Peter Dietz may have some code that could act as a starting point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; The part I've built, looks like: <a href="https://picasaweb.google.com/115522466408243604820/OSULibrariesDSpaceDesigns#5516829984952797698">https://picasaweb.google.com/115522466408243604820/OSULibrariesDSpaceDesigns#5516829984952797698</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Picasa Web Albums - Peter Dietz - OSU Libraries... ] - <a href="https://picasaweb.google.com/115522466408243604820/OSULibrariesDSpaceDesigns#5516829984952797698">https://picasaweb.google.com/115522466408243604820/OSULibrariesDSpaceDesigns#5516829984952797698</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz, this is the 'unfinished' XMLUI 'book-reader' theme you mentioned last week, right? With code up at: <a href="https://github.com/osulibraries/xmlui-webapp/tree/master/themes/book-reader">https://github.com/osulibraries/xmlui-webapp/tree/master/themes/book-reader</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ themes/book-reader at master from osulibraries/xmlui-webapp - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/osulibraries/xmlui-webapp/tree/master/themes/book-reader">https://github.com/osulibraries/xmlui-webapp/tree/master/themes/book-reader</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Yep, that code still works, I wouldn't say its unstable buggy. But we decided not to use it due to some limitations.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;AmyLana&gt; When DCAT discussed this issue, we'd hoped to roll a document viewer into a streaming server service which could also handle a/v needs.  Tim advised me that these are really two different issues, so I created a second JIRA issue for the streaming (<a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1115)">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1115)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1115">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1115</a> ] - [#DS-1115] Integrating a streaming server with DSpace to present audio and video files is desirable - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Using it depends on your definition of "document".. In our case, the pages of the book are JPEG's, numbered sequentially, then we just plug in those jpeg's to be "Pages" of the book</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; If your Document is a PDF, then I don't think you can use this as-is, because it expects an image.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, I see, so the 'book-reader' requires that you have Images already created.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;AmyLana&gt; Sounds like it'd be good for a digital library application.  Our IR holds mostly pdfs, though; at a guess PeterDietz, would what you have be adaptable for pdfs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; The Snazzy theme would provide a framework for embedding all kinds of players, not just a page turner; what we'd need for a page turner is probably a streaming image server, to generate tiles on the fly from something like JPEG2000 or pyramidal TIFFs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes Page Turners, unless there is a components of some document streaming service, are going to need to process the content into page fragments.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Is there a use-case for server-side PDF rendering - really big files maybe?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Let me put on my end-user hat for a moment.  It really frosts me when some page ignores my choice of helper app.s and forces a particular viewer down my throat.  That's not the way the WWW works; I already told my browser how to display video and I expect my preference to be obeyed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; you could build a media-filter, that converts ORIGINAL research.pdf to another bundle like IMAGES-research-pdf (image1, image2, image3, ...)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; PDFs should be linearized so that viewers can ask for the pages out-of-order.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; digitization produces really big PDFs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: I don't think anyone would force you to use the page-turner.  You could still download the PDF (unless it was access restricted).  But, the page-turner provides a potential "preview" of the document (no need to download)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; linearization doesn't support random seek</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; *some*thing does.  I've seen it working.  I'm sure I have.  With Adobe Reader.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; well, it kinda-sorta does, if you happen to have downloaded the part of the file you need, you can turn to that page, but to fully support random seek, you have to download the entire file</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: yea, in the case of PDF's a server side component would extract and deliver individual pages, but I suspect that it would need to be pretty intimate with the filesystem, like DJatoka and JPEG2000</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; you also need a server that's capable of byteserving a PDF</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; <a href="http://blog.nitropdf.com/2011/01/technology-file-structure/">http://blog.nitropdf.com/2011/01/technology-file-structure/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Inside the technology: PDF File Structure ] - <a href="http://blog.nitropdf.com/2011/01/technology-file-structure/">http://blog.nitropdf.com/2011/01/technology-file-structure/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I like the approach used by Brasiliana's Corisco: <a href="https://github.com/brasiliana/Corisco/blob/master/docs/CoriscoDiagram.png">https://github.com/brasiliana/Corisco/blob/master/docs/CoriscoDiagram.png</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ docs/CoriscoDiagram.png at master from brasiliana/Corisco - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/brasiliana/Corisco/blob/master/docs/CoriscoDiagram.png">https://github.com/brasiliana/Corisco/blob/master/docs/CoriscoDiagram.png</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I recall seeing code in XMLUI to support byte-ranges.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; may be a daft/dumb question (I don't know this area well):  Are there any decent PDF page-turners that run entirely client side (Javascript, Flash or similar)?  Or do they all need something installed alongside DSpace on the server itself?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mdiggory: OK, but those systems are really for higher-res content than article PDFs, that''s why I'm trying to understand the scope of the needs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; If you use the Chrome web browser, it has embedded pdf support. So if you use HTML embed, it works perfectly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz: good to know, but I doubt we can force everyone to use Chrome ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; tdonohue: Multivio is client based, but it has a server side piece that blows up and converts PDFs to images</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'm trying to get the Multivio gang to present at OR12. I'm hoping it might generate more general discussion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Another option is the Google Docs viewer...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; PeterDietz: I like Corisco, too, the Djatoka server it uses could be used for various page turners</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; DSpace, using Google Docs Viewer <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Document+Preview+with+Google+Docs+viewer">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Document+Preview+with+Google+Docs+viewer</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Document Preview with Google Docs viewer - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Document+Preview+with+Google+Docs+viewer">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Document+Preview+with+Google+Docs+viewer</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think the needs are (1) novel user experience (2) reduced bandwidth for reviewing large PDFs prior to downloading and TBH, the most important I can think of  (3) limiting access to the original</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Multivio sounds interesting.  Guess I was just curious if everything is going to require generating separate files on the server (i.e. potentially increasing storage needs, esp. for sites with lots of PDFs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; tdonohue: that's my concern, too, I don't think you can get away from generating tiles for a tiling image viewer, though... I just don't want to have to store them permanently, for everything in the repository</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; AmyLana, do you (or anyone else in DCAT) have a good sense of the user needs here (i.e. do they match up with what mdiggory has listed above?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; just curious if most people want this feature in order to 'limit access' to the original. Or if it's more about a novel user experience / quick view in the browser?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;AmyLana&gt; Yes, I think mdiggory is on exactly the right track, though I'm not sure that limiting access to the original is necessarily a concern.  Mainly it's for user friendliness.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hpottinger_: TBH this why we end up with formats like JPEG2000 and DJatoka,  these are analogs to the Document viewer problem, but speak about the need to not have to generate large numbers of derivatives</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; AmyLana: limiting access to the original is policy driven by the institution, or at least we have seen there be a need for it, either due to third party licensing concerns or an interest in cost recovery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: so, are you saying this could also be done potentially via a MediaFilter that converts PDF (or similar) -&gt; JPEG2000, and then provide a JPEG2000 viewer of that set of files (which is likely in a new Bundle)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; no that wasn't my suggestion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;AmyLana&gt; mdiggory: we have some originals to which we'd probably limit access as well, I just don't know that it was a driving concern in the DCAT discussion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; tdonohue: I would not want to implement anything that required storing of derivatives, just doesn't seem like an efficient use of resources</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: my suggestion is that in JPEG2000 there is a requirement for DJAtoka to have random file access to the actual file on the file system.  Integrations between DJatoka and DSpace require adding access to the local file reference, otherwise the result is that you need to duplicate the contents of the Bitstream to a temp file just to access it. In fact, this is also the issue with DuraCloud support for DJatoka.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, makes more sense</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; My point is just that without breaking the document up into individual bitstreams per page, that support for native document streaming will requires some sort of service similar to DJatoka.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; hpottinger_:  its a trade-off. Pay up-front, in cost of storage, or pay on-demand in CPU (and user's time) every time a client requests a new file</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; "access to the local file reference" is exactly what is needed for integrating any sort of streaming server</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; PeterDietz: but the agreement is to store this stuff *forever* :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 PeterDietz -- this was what I was trying to get to.  Are we leaning towards an "on-the-fly" generation of any derivatives, or are we going to have to figure out a way to know which derivatives to keep?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; If you put it in a bitstream, keep it, if you dump it somewhere in the filesystem and access it separately... then I suspect its not under and archival policy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; On the fly generation of derivatives is acceptable, keep a cache of most-requested files to limit impact to usability. It's how DLXS (Michigan's digital library software).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Other systems call this "Disseminators"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; AmyLana: Yes access control and page turning are somewhat orthogonal</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger_: that sounds like a reasonable approach.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We'd need some suitable mechanism for evicting stale cache entries.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, it sounds like we are narrowing down slightly on possible approaches.  Anyone here interested in "digging deeper" into potential 'implementations' (or even just brainstorms) and reporting back on problems/decision points we may need to still make?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; PeterDietz:  true, but disseminators are services, not necessarily speaking towards what is stored behind them and its preservation policy...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; todonohue: I'm already "digging deeper", in that I've committed to having some kind of DL interface for our IR by the end of the year. So, I volunteer to report back.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue (crickets)  everyone seems interested, but no one has time to dig in deeper?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think that we would participate in any dialogs to assure if theres beneficial alignment with our existing solution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger_ : sounds good.  It sounds like you were. Just wasn't sure how high priority this really was for you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; tdonohue: my top priority, actually</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue wonders out-loud if this would be a good project to get over to GitHub -- anyone can then fork &amp; help hpottinger out / provide feedback / etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: FWIW, we are looking at some solutions (based, I thing on Internet archive tools) for TIFF page turners, I just don't know if it addresses the needs here..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; thing-&gt;think</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So, can I have an account setting:  (I already have my own viewer for [ ]PDF, [ ]video, [ ]audio -- don't try to be helpful)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think where this is of interest to myself and other @mire team members is to see some work in DSpace on supports a more concrete "Disseminators" capability</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers : there may be overlap.  hard to say.  Again, I wonder if we all got our projects out in a more 'public' area (GitHub or similar) if that would help us find those potential overlaps</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; I like the idea of using github for this collaboration, especially if parts of Corisco (already on GitHub) might be beneficial</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: actually I think it's more like how a "thumbnail" works.  The viewer would be embedded into the Item page (if enabled in DSpace), but there'd also be a link nearby to just download it and view it however you want.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; there are many solutions for various "disseminations" already out there, where I'd like to see the community go is in assuring that DSpace provides a means for various approaches to "play nice" with eachother.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue has taken the role of "Github-promoter" from PeterDietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; mdiggory: I'm willing to be led, if you have an idea of how I should go about approaching the problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to the idea, mdiggory.  Just not sure if we can jump straight to a "use whatever approach you want" solution that is flexible enough. (Though if we can, great.  Just think a "quick solution" may also be helpful, though we need to keep in mind a larger future solution)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and likewise to support in the UI for playing nice with various viewing platforms (ipad, android, etc, etc, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 mdiggory to that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. wow. it's already the top of the hour.  Where does the time go :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;AmyLana&gt; Thanks for taking the time on this--it's much appreciated!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; +1 mdiggory, would have to avoid flash for viewers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, since we are over time, you are welcome to leave whenever.  Just a few small things to mention:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (1) I really wanted to promote the "Modernizing DSpace Kernel" work that richardrodgers has started on GitHub.  It's really early days, but it's a great idea: <a href="https://github.com/richardrodgers/mds">https://github.com/richardrodgers/mds</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ richardrodgers/mds - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/richardrodgers/mds">https://github.com/richardrodgers/mds</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the above topic makes me think about METS:interfaceMD ...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (If anyone out there is interested in chipping in with the "modernizing" work, I'd encourage forking &amp; helping out.  I plan to do so myself)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I only heard about this yesterday... a bit behind I guess...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger_ really wants to dig into AuthenticationManager</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yep, plenty of room in the pool, jump right in!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (2) As I mentioned in dspace-commit list, I'm leaning towards having some sort of "DSpace Developers Virtual Summit" via something like Google+.  I was wanting some feedback on that idea today, but I may just bring this to dspace-commit again (unless anyone has immediate thoughts)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (more info on that Virtual Summit idea in the agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-02-01)">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-02-01)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; +1 count me in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That was all the topics I really wanted to mention today.  But, I will hang around here if anyone has feedback on the "Summit" idea, or wants to talk anything else</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; would like to see some focus on usage of spring and some of the services</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue says feel free to head out if you need to.  The "official" meeting is closed -- now starts any "unofficial" post-meeting discussions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; in both the summit and mds</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* AmyLana (80cea2c2@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.162.194) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; richardrodgers: I have a question about MDS... So much has been pruned, and re-arranged... Why start from a bare repository, vs, morphing the DSpace/DSpace repository?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; For instance, theres interest internally in rewriting the MediaFilters and other plugins to be more easily used in spring configuration.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: I think that's a good idea. But, TBH, I also feel we need to leave things open for "other options".  I see the "summit" as a way to start to look more closely at larger issues/refactoring that we may want.  If services/spring fits in well, then great! But, I personally don't make that a requirement for everything.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; TBH when I think about Services I often find myself wondering why I shouldn't just use Spring to inject the stuff I need, since it's there anyway.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: thats why its there...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; PeterDietz: mainly, agility. Refactors would take much longer on 10X-20X size of code (whole DSpace). Second, I did not want experiments to be bound by the status quo..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mdiggory: see the other repo - ctask, It contains a whole rewrite of MediaFilter as curation suite..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So in that case they are bound to being curation tasks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm talking about just standalone beans separate from configuration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; configure them in the container of your choice...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I have a howto question also.. What is required to "bootstrap" mds? i.e. just... mvn package...?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; PeterDietz: what do you mean by 'bootstrap'?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ...because mvn package failed a bunch of tests.. or, is this where I should jump in a fix it..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; by bootstrap i mean, how do I compile it so that "it works"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Aren't tests known to be broken right now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; so that I could then invoke the dspace launcher</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; PeterDietz: it should compile, As I said in the intro - I broke the unit-testing (I think its related to a change in connection pooling) -that's why it doesn't install</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* JoseBlanco (8dd32b9d@gateway/web/freenode/ip.141.211.43.157) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; you can still install by turning off the tests for now.  But, we do need someone to help fix the tests (and build more tests for new stuff)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I was working on "modularizing" the dspace-api testing framework a while back.  Then right before 1.8 lots of patches landed, lots of stuff got moved, and I couldn't keep up.  I need to get that going again.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; a huge +1000 mhwood.  That work was looking really really promising (from what i gathered on lists, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; a haa.. I can build mds successfully with:  mvn package -DskipTests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; prize to whomever figures out how I screwed up the tests....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* PeterDietz its on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; prize?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; beer?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; beers !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ooh, do I see that pluggable assetstores have surfaced?  Incentive!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mhwood: yes, that's in there - I wanted to remove the SRB stuff (very obsolete!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; is there a "running list" of things that have surfaced/changes (even at a higher level) in MDS?  Or is that all just in that README file on the homepage?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; My point for "why new repository", was because there was no revision history</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: for major stuff, yes it's in the README - I'll try to maintain that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; so tim's point about what's changed.. can't be deduced without manually directory diff'ing from "DSpace"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to maintaining that. Anyone else adding changes in should also update the README</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz: yea, I see the point.  At the same time, I also see richardrodgers point about a "fresh start" (not being bound by status quo).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, I'm torn :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; PeterDietz: true, although henceforth, the git commits will tell the tale...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; For instance, I'm now working on a (very small-scale) example of moving 'config' data into DB..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'm starting with very simple stuff - i.e. the launcher.xml data. It really is a command 'registry' rather than config data, so I plan to load it at install like bitstream registry. Then, when new modules are added that have a CLI interface, we can simply update the DB registry.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: my Services tutorial at OR used launcher as an example of using spring configuration and making it easy to write new commands without needing to put configuration files</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the point was that it didn't need to even be in a config file, nor a db</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; just annotated in the code and have an interface</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mdiggory: sure, that's also a way to go - the point is to break the mold of putting everything in dspace.cfg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; likewise... <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/The+TAO+of+DSpace+Services">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/The+TAO+of+DSpace+Services</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ The TAO of DSpace Services - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/The+TAO+of+DSpace+Services">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/The+TAO+of+DSpace+Services</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Anyhow, this was a working example whien I left it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Indeed, we've shoehorned a lot of stuff into Properties format that didn't want to go.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Our focus lately in Discovery (1.8.0 on) is in getting things out of dspace.cfg that we want to give richer configuration capabilities upon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I do still see a want need for seeing certain config in the database.  Especially if we want to add granular configuration to the community/collection hierarchy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so don't think I'm opposing that work...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; at the same point in time, we should work towards providing ways to update many (most?) configurations via a Admin UI -- i.e. make it easier to configure DSpace for non-techies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (which I think is what the DB config route opens up)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I"m just dichotomizing configuration on "application" and "runtime"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mdiggory: I agree, that's why I like doing these experiments - decide what makes sense in flat properties files, what DB, what XML config, what Spring annotation, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; One way to decide:  is this a knob for the person who installs DSpace (configur in Spring) or the person who administers the repository (configure in DB with admin. UI).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The person who assembles DSpace also probably wants to use Spring.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ok, so launcher commands are generally code. so I think of their definition as being in code (spring),  whereas, some of the features of those commands may be configurable in the system (db/props)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; Actually, it's more like: is it a knob for someone [re]compiling DSpace (Spring annotation), Is it a knob for someone installing / maintaining DSpace (Spring configuration file), or a knob for an admin / user (config in DB)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; And this is the same take as the original DSpace 2.0 services took and most of those features were still retained in the 1.8.x version</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, yes and yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, definitely different levels of config. i agree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 1.) if there is a command defined in java code, the existence of that command and its ability to be called shouldn't require having to fill out a database table or altering a spring configuration file.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Need to run cya guys</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C14B50.access.telenet.be) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; those levels of configuration for managers and admin should be only tuning the command.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ugh, exception:  there's one Launcher command that is not backed by Java code:  the one that means, "just calculate the classpath and write it to stdout".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hows it implemented?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I guess I was coming at this in terms of add-on modularity - so the maintenance knob and the admin knob look a lot alike sometimes...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good point -- I think it's an exception in the script itself.  Checking....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Unfortunately, I have to run...bye all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Eek, where did it go?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@18.111.95.44) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; catching up... I had an idea that it would be nice for collection-admin's to be able to go to EditCollection, and click a bubble to choose which theme should apply to said collection.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: well I assume there are grey areas between each knob...  for instance, if you write a command that allows you to execute some script in a BSF or the like, then that may require a little bit more fucntionality at the application level.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; But thats more like a BSF Command Launcher, not a BSF Command.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; How we convey that to Cocoon will be interesting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ie is ./dspace my-bsf-command   or is it ./dspace bsf my-bsf-command</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or is it ./dspace script ./path/to/my/bsf.script</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or is it ./dspace script db-key-of-script</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; \me fails to notice richardrodgers has left the room</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; PeterDietz, I like that idea, would be really handy to also allow community/collection admins to load their theme files, though that may be a bit wild and crazy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; both are good ideas</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to those ideas.  I think in general, we need to put *more control* in the Admin UI, and give that control to DSpace Admins &amp; Comm/Coll Admins</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we've suggested them both on past project as solutions, but usually fell outside of scope for the client.  Sounds like a good community project.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger_ dimly remembers there's a ticket for refactoring the adminUI... or maybe it was just suggested here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So,  I'm in favor of *2* levels of configs (though this might just be similar to grahamtriggs 3 levels, I just lump the first two together):  (1) Configs needed to install something (likely go in Spring or similar), and (2) Configs needed to actually "configure/modify/setup" that thing once installed (should mostly move to the DB &amp; UI)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; refactoring the Admin UI gets talked about a lot :) Not sure if we have a ticket or not.  It's rather a 'broad' topic though, so we may want to have specific tickets based on exactly which part of Admin UI we are refactoring</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Probably wants some more structure to the admin. UI.  Simple settings just need grouping, while a few things will want their own custom pages.  Right now isn't it custom pages for all?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; mhwood, my recollection is that it's "custom pages for all"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Must go....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; mdiggory: would you be available for chatting about ideas re: DS-1115 (not now, later in week)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1115">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1115</a> ] - [#DS-1115] Integrating a streaming server with DSpace to present audio and video files is desirable - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; is there anything in the works?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; kshepherd has something for streaming audio/video, Corisco and Ohiolink have done work with integrating an image server</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; I'd want to see about finding commonalities, and build a piece which makes these kinds of integrations easier</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; pretty sure Corisco and OhioLink both just use the DBs directly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; what do you have in mind for details you want to cover?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; "Disseminator Framework"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Well, TBH, the tried/true approach for anything we integrate for a client is XMLUI Aspects for presentation and Consumers or Mediafilters for processing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; sorry, wandered off a bit there, still formulating ideas, but if you have ideas for how best to approach, I'm all ears</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; aha, Disseminator Framework, yes, cool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-24-13-90-87.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; the GSoC wiki page for ideas is full of, erm, great ideas</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger_ (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>