<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2012-08-08
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-morgan.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-morgan.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-morgan.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-morgan.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ruckus (~smuxi@HSI-KBW-46-223-116-28.hsi.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ruckus is now known as fasseg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* fasseg (~smuxi@HSI-KBW-46-223-116-28.hsi.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ruckus (~smuxi@HSI-KBW-46-223-116-28.hsi.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ruckus (~smuxi@HSI-KBW-46-223-116-28.hsi.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* fasseg (~fas@HSI-KBW-46-223-116-28.hsi.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* barmintor (~ba2213@franklin.cul.columbia.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamatis (25067746@gateway/web/freenode/ip.37.6.119.70) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamatis (25067746@gateway/web/freenode/ip.37.6.119.70) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* fasseg (~fas@HSI-KBW-46-223-116-28.hsi.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Kstamatis (25067746@gateway/web/freenode/ip.37.6.119.70) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Kstamatis (25067746@gateway/web/freenode/ip.37.6.119.70) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~chatzilla@host9-29-dynamic.51-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (~chatzilla@host9-29-dynamic.51-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamatis (25067746@gateway/web/freenode/ip.37.6.119.70) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (a@195.113.97.174) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C154B1.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sands (~sandsfish@18.189.31.239) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~chatzilla@host9-29-dynamic.51-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; Hello everyone, welcome to the meeting!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDie_&gt; hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger cheers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; So today's topic is 100% focused on, as you might expect, DSpace 3.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDie_&gt; Pre-meeting note, I'm working on the Elastic Search contribution for statistics</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; PeterDie_ that's already on the Release Notes page, right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* sands heads to the release notes page.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; yup, there it is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger cheers for PeterDie_</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; So to start, I'd like to forego the JIRA ticket review that we normally do, so as to spend more time on release discussions.  Is everyone ok with that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDie_&gt; there was some ambiguity, I figured I'd atleast get something polished for contrib, hopefully so it can be included</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 joins the head cheerleader</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDie_&gt; skip jira is fine with me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; We'll be referencing tickets in the discussions anyway.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 forego JIRA review for refocus</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; My hope is that we can touch on the upcoming contributions briefly, and make sure there is coverage for moving them forward.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; So I'm using the release notes as a guide here...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+3.0+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+3.0+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 3.0 Notes - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+3.0+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+3.0+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; thank you kompewter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; sands: You're welcome.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; :P</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; The goal being to make sure nothing falls through the cracks and any concerns are voiced.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; So let's start at the top, unless anyone has any comments.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; @Mire has a number of great (and large) contributions here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; mdiggory, can you speak to what you think needs to be looked at the most?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; Also, if anyone has any other comments on the @mire contributions, please share.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The feedabck on embargo has been trivial so far.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We need feedback on discovery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; versioning will have a pull request created for it by the end of the week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; Mark, does @mire have a demo instance that these features are running on already for people to play with, or is it necessary to build an instance to interact with them?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mdiggory: what are you looking for with respect to Discovery ? Just general testing and feedback ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; basically a second (or in this case 3rd) set of eyes looking for obvious problems.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; what do you expect about the jspui porting? should we include also the new enhancements?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tbh, at this point we are not really looking for big design dialogs around any of our contribs, a great deal of design dialog already happened, especially for embargo and versioning.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; fine by me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Are there likely to be any conflicts between the Cilea and @Mire Discovery work ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; i think that is understandable, especially considering the breadth of the work that has already been implemented.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bollini: I would basically recommend that we first focus on everyone getting their code onto the stage so that it can be commited via a pull request, then address integration issues only if they arise.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok, we should be able to meet our deadline 13 August for the pull request</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; robint: I'm interested in that as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I agree, I'd address integration issues that arise after the freeze date, focusing this time about assuring we do know whats to be included in 3.0, not achieving perfection in the inclusions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; not just code conflicts, but consistency of functionality. i don't think it needs to gate any of the contributions, but we want to understand what we're putting into the release and how to set expectations about the functionality available in it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I'm not worry about api conflict or other technical issues, only concerned about users expectation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; exactly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; we can polis that during the testing phase when we can see all the code in action</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; user expectation is managed through documentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; s/polis/polish/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; helix84 meant to say: we can polish that during the testing phase when we can see all the code in action</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; it seems to me (please correct me if i'm wrong) that including both of these discovery enhancements will diverge what "discovery" is on JSPUI vs. XMLUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; it could be difficult to explain that some things work differently between xmlui and jspui for discovery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: could you draft a brief list on the wiki?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; mdiggory: agreed.  but we need to understand exactly what we've got in hand here and what's different.  does @mire have any plans to port new discovery features to JSPUI, or should we consider this a divergence?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; at the same time i'm curious about the reverse (CILEA contributions for XMLUI eventually?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 notes that it's been a guideline for a while that there doesn't necessarily have to be feature-parity between interfaces</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; helix84: yup.  just wanna be clear, since we're calling it discovery on both sides.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I'm not exclude that we could be able to port the new enhancements to the jspui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; morning all, sorry for lateness (currently on teh bus)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; welcome kshepherd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I have just not yet take a look to the new enhancement from a technical point of view</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; we're currently discussing @mire contributions to 3.0, ATM specifically Discovery enhancements.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sands: no plans to port to JSPUI at this time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; mdiggory: ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i say let's get the contributions in and we can polish them during testing and in minor releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sands: but we are glad to advise and discuss how to approach porting if theres an interested party</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cool, i'm pretty keen to test/review the discovery stuff..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stepping back to Advanced Embargo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; can I do some basic questions about these last enhancements?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bollini: you go first</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; yes, please feel free, though i want to make sure we move to some of the other contributions after @mire.  let's say at half-past.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; how do you filter unauthorized content in search results? do you index what?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; we can have further discussions on devel in between meetings.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I'm concerned about performance implication (at indexing time) of Access Rights Awareness</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; in the interest of covering the most contributions today i'd like to politely suggest Andrea to contact Mark by email (CC to mailing list is welcome)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Bollini: we have a plugin that adds the group names and eperson identifiers to the solr document upon indexing and we have a plugin that will add all group identifiers to each query</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; This feature can easily be disabled and should work out of the box with jspui as this is back end only</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; bollini: is taking further discussions about this to the mailing list ok with you?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok (hope to find time for this ;-) )</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; ok, embargo then?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; anyone planning on implementing this, or concerns that we should spin threads for?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; there's also #dspace for unmoderated chat..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; kshepherd: yes, good to remember, thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; i ask about any potential implementors because they are usually the best ones to get feedback from.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; if there are no comments at the moment, i would ask anyone who is excited about this feature to review the contribution and share feedback with @mire and the community.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; next on the list is Ivan's contributions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; it looks like he defers OAI work to the Lyncode implementation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Per Embargo, about the only thing left is to "squash" all the commits into one and do some minor reformating of the code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; the XSL from EPrints has been obsoleted by the new XSLT in Lyncode's XOAI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; and based on encouragement from Mark on dspace-release today, I plan to hit the Merge button on XOAI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; the other two things are very minor</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; unless you have some comments on robots.txt</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; note we have 26 pull requests at the moment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd will try to give the XOAI stuff a test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this is the bottleneck I refer to that is forming....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; unless anyone has other concerns about this, i'd say +1 to that.  the discussion on list seems to have come to a rough consensus that it is ready.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i think part of that could be all of us getting used to Git</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; only question i have is are we pulling the former OAI from the 3.0 release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; you could say that there were times there were far more than 26 patches sitting uncommitted in JIRA, it just wasn't as obvious ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; based on mdiggory's suggestion, that's how Lyncode rewrote the pull request</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory ducks for cover</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i now tend to agree that it's in all aspects better then OAI 1.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; the major point being you can configure it to use SQL instead of Solr</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; helix84:  i haven't actively tested it, but it does seem like it's been vetted and seems to be backward compatible.  and yes, it is great that you can set it to not require Solr.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; not require solr? since when did oai require solr?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; The new XOAI uses solr</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ohhh gotcha</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; OAI 1.0 has SQL data source. OAI 2.0 has Solr by default, but SQL can be configured (in case you don't want to isntall Solr)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i'd like to repeat here that Lyncode has been extremely prompt in adressing any comments, so any addditional ones can be ironed out during testing after freeze</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; helix84: agreed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; if there are no other questions, let's assume that XOAI is going in...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeh, definitely needs a good thrashing in testathon if it's replacing existing OAI.. it's a critical service for a lot of repo managers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; and hey, since we're talking about pulling out the old oai module...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; can we get rid of lni yet? ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; [off-topic discussion detected]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; [kicking the intruder]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ok sorry, whatever</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; work time now anyway</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; kshepherd: believe it or not we have a number of installations that use LNI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd goes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger believes it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Happy to discuss more later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; unfortunately MIT still has a user that demands using LNI.  :(  but yes, a discussion should happen there.  maybe pulling it from the core release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; everyone ok with this?  seems like a no-brainer to me:  <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1138">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1138</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [#DS-1138] robots.txt - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1138">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1138</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hey! i just realized, REST is not on the release notes page, is it going in for 3.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1138">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1138</a> ] - [#DS-1138] robots.txt - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; this is Ivan's next contribution.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Still need a way to pull stuff out of the core release.  Topic for another day.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* sands exclaims about the REST realization too!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; oversight?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood +1 we had a discussion about the need to figure out our deprecation process at OR12</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; helix84: There is a big whole in dspace-rest, it doesn't check authorisation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; too big to close after freeze?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; how about a big Beta(tm) label?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Needs a volunteer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Needs a way to turn it off, if not.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; worked for Gmail ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; whole/hole (5 lines ago)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; or we include it with a Caveat that it doesn't respect auth yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; could be useful to institutions that don't have any sensitive content.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Discovery has been significantly improved from 1.7 to 1.8, let's try it here, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; ok, another thread there.  this is good.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; lni could always be released as a separate addon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mdiggory: agreed,  that needs to be the route rather than making our distro bigger and bigger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; per REST... I'd consider the folks at Fedora just worked very hard on their REST implementation...  theres something to learn there...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 mdiggory, I think we could formalize that into a deprecation process, anything we want to deprecate we funnel into an addon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; hpottinger:  +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; re: REST, I'd be OK with it being all open access, as long as that doesn't apply to write actions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://duraspace.org/now-available-fedora-35">http://duraspace.org/now-available-fedora-35</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ NOW AVAILABLE: Fedora 3.5 | DuraSpace ] - <a href="http://duraspace.org/now-available-fedora-35">http://duraspace.org/now-available-fedora-35</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; REST is a separate webapp we can just not deploy, right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; mhwood: right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Spring based CFG, One standardized WAR file, no longer need FEDORA_HOME env setting,</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sidenote: Lyncode is also reworking cfg as part of their SpringUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; since we're 15 minutes from the formal end of the meeting, i'd like to press on and see if we can't identify any other topics that can be discussed on list.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; Ivan's SFX button support and robots.txt contributions seem straightforward.  i'm guessing after a quick look, we can push those into the release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger was thinking of tinkering more with REST, is a bit worried about no auth... will move it higher up on the "play with soon" list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; Next is SeDiCl</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; will any other contribution from CILEA be ready for 3.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I would like to promote <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1127">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1127</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [#DS-1127] Submission improvements: document type-based submission - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1127">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1127</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1127">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1127</a> ] - [#DS-1127] Submission improvements: document type-based submission - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDie_&gt; I'm thinking REST should be something thats not visible outside your firewall, until auth is strong</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; DS 1127 is something repo admins have long campaigned for</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; PeterDie_: so we could restrict it to localhost by default, like Solr</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; helix84: why does not Lyncode come talk to those of working on the ServiceManager and ConfigurationService? We don't need a new configuration service, we need adoption of the one we all agreed to add to DSpace when the ServiceManager was added.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; PeterDie_:  sounds like something we could leave to the implementor.  i'd hate to handicap it when there are system-level ways to restrict access.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: we have already in place the pubmed integration (the work has been done by I collegue: Andrea Pascarelli) but I'm concerned about the new concurrent proposals : totalimpact and altmetrics</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: also the browse system based on SOLR should be ready in time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; PeterDie_: adding it doesn't mean it needs to be enabled by default</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: i think you briefly talked about that with him. Feel free to email him, although he's on vacation ATM. All I know is from here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~lyncode/Dynamic+Configurations">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~lyncode/Dynamic+Configurations</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Dynamic Configurations - DSpace @ Lyncode - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~lyncode/Dynamic+Configurations">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~lyncode/Dynamic+Configurations</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, thats not very sufficient</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: I have something similiar to your Pubmed, for Web of Science and Scopus, almost pure javascript, but for XMLUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds like we need to get the metrics people all together for a talk.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: anyway, that's post-3.0, plenty of time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; agreed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; mhwood: agreed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; apropos type-based submissions, i know that rrodgers had done some work in this area he might want to share details about with the current implementation, but he's on vacation this week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Are there folks out there that don't know how to setup a Pull request?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; i'll pass it along to him.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; sands: thanks. If he has no objections I hope to commit early next week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; mdiggory: there's documentation out there, yes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; robint: great.  i'll make sure he gets back to you ASAP.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; one question in relation to git - do we want to rebase (squash) multi-commit pull requests before merge?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; robint:  do you need feedback on the other 3 contributions?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its down inside the docs, but I'm just verifying if anyone listening is struggling to bring their changes to github and setup their pull requests.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; sands: I confess I haven't had time to look at them yet :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Development with Git - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and its not "complete"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood is struggling with whether a given branch is ready for a pull request. :-/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ThinkUP github</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; opse...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that was meant to be a google search</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I haven't looked in detail to the DS-1234 but I don't like the general idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: that multi-purpose address bar gets under one's skin quickly, doesn't it? ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1234">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1234</a> ] - [#DS-1234] Edit an Item using the workflow process - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; someday... with effort our guide should look more like this...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/ginatrapani/ThinkUp/wiki/Developer-Guide">https://github.com/ginatrapani/ThinkUp/wiki/Developer-Guide</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ ThinkUp Developer Guide · ginatrapani/ThinkUp Wiki · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/ginatrapani/ThinkUp/wiki/Developer-Guide">https://github.com/ginatrapani/ThinkUp/wiki/Developer-Guide</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://thinkupapp.com/docs/contribute/developers/devfromsource.html">http://thinkupapp.com/docs/contribute/developers/devfromsource.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Develop from Source — ThinkUp 1.0.8.1 documentation ] - <a href="http://thinkupapp.com/docs/contribute/developers/devfromsource.html">http://thinkupapp.com/docs/contribute/developers/devfromsource.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; bollini:  your concerns?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: perhaps you'd like something along the lines mdiggory's idea of what metadata schema should be? (enforcing types and dictionaries)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mdiggory: 1234 makes me a bit uneasy too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I think that move an item "back" in the workflow process is something worst, we need to take caution about introducing strange cycle that could also make more complex use custom workflow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mdiggory: sorry wrong person !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; bollini: agreed !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: this is what I meant: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/12#issuecomment-7592923">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/12#issuecomment-7592923</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* sands notes that we're up against the end of the hour, but is willing to stay to continue the discussions.  We haven't even gotten to EKT's many contributions that hard work has been put into in the last week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Request #12: Support Metadata On All DSpaceObjects by mdiggory · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/12#issuecomment-7592923">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/12#issuecomment-7592923</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 1234, we already do something similar to provide Describestep editing in Reviewer Wrokflow, it doesn't involve adding the item back into submission workflow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; just reusing the business logic of the submission process.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 would like to congratulate sands for a very efficient meeting format today, we covered much more ground than usual</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Needs to run until next week !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; +1 (round of applause)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; helix84: thanks, though taking a shotgun to the JIRA review probably deserves most of the credit.  :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mdiggory: if it reuse only the code it could be fine, but if they create a fake workflowitem as it looks from their comments</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C154B1.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Got to run too. Thanks all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; cheers KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; for any who can remain on, since there are many EKT contributions, do any stand out as needing to be discussed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bollini: The Item Level Versioning supports reentry into the Submission Process and Reviewer Workflow, but its for a new version of the Item.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the point is that new versions requested by the original submitter need to be reviewed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mdiggory: I fine with the item level versioning logic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; however, if we ware just talking about the admin or likewise wanting to edit the metadata, it shouldn't need that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sounds like we are in agreement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mdiggory: at CILEA we have already developed a new edit-item page that show all the metadata in a "long submission style" page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; helix84: I think we buried your comment...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: if you mean about schema, it was rather your comment. i just thought it's an alternative to ds-1234</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mdiggory: the problem is that we have done a big refactoring of the describestep class and splitted the jsp in more parts... it needs time to package it for a contribution and now we are not able to accomplish this in time for 3.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ds-1234">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ds-1234</a> ] - [#DS-1234] Edit an Item using the workflow process - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; sands: you're right, that's a bunch of pull requests from EKT...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think what helix84 is referring to is being able to "Type" Items and assign forms and validation according to type rather than "by collection" and "only in submission"...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we also need the requirement to show some fields in admin editing and some fields only in submission and some fields only in review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; Hi everyone, I'm watching the conversation from the beginning. Just to inform you that should you have any question about EKT's contributions I would be glad to answer them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; kstamatis: i recommend you take this oportunity to find potential reviewers, they're hard to come by ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; kstamatis: thanks for raising your hand.  sorry that we didn't get all the way through the list!  are there any that you would like to be prioritized for review, or are they all equal in your eyes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kstamatis: I'll be honest, I've not looked closer at the code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; JSPUI isn't my area of interest/expertise, so I won't be reviewing them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; are the patch and modified classes the same?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; helix84: this is xmlui...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: i was referring to EKT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 1234?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; sands: All seems equal to us but if I should give an order DS-1226 is interesting, DS-1223 is also a nice extension</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1226">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1226</a> ] - [#DS-1226] Batch import from basic bibliographic formats (Endnote, BibTex, RIS, TSV, CSV) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1223">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1223</a> ] - [#DS-1223] Display frequencies of items in single browsing for selected indices - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i won't be reviewing EKT contrinutions for JSPUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; DS-1236, DS-1237 and DS-1238 are light-weighted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1236">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1236</a> ] - [#DS-1236] Auto update advance search drop down lists from configuration file - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1237">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1237</a> ] - [#DS-1237] Support date ranges in advance search - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1238">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1238</a> ] - [#DS-1238] Display advance search form after an advance search  - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Per 1223... tbh this is why we developed discovery, to not have to create something that a popular third party open source technology already did well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mdiggory: it looks as 1223 refers to the browse not to the search system</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: see 1223 comments, i already raised that point and Christina responded</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think I can drum up some interest in testing 1224 and 1226 (pull 53 and pull 46)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mdiggory: I haven't see the code but it could also make more easy to include frequencies in browse with the SOLR DAO (CILEA 1218 contibution)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; As they describe it, this solution is an alternative way to achieve the fucntionality for those who don't want to use Solr. We're still not forcing Discovery on everyone, it's not even the default. So I think Christina has a point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; kstamatis: I unfortunately don't have any JSPUI instances, or much experience with it, but hopefully we can get those in the community that do to have a look at your contributions.  Another possibility would be for you to light up a demo for people to try the changes without having to build it themselves.  I don't know if that's something you are able to do or not though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: quick question about metadata for all status - will it be in 3.0 in any form? (current pull request? modified to use a single table? more advanced?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; sands: I think all of the contributions include example repositories of EKT that show the changes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: I have reviewed the code just now and I don't think that it could work in this way (it calculates the frequencies for any term as a separated query).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: great, could you please comment in Jira so that it doesn't get lost?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: I'm going to do ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; kstamatis: great!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; EKT did a very good job documenting their contributions. They just need to find someone interested in JSPUI to look at them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: ping?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; bibblio-transformation-engine is on my list of toys to play with, so I definitely want to give 124 and 1226 a spin, have metadata people here excited about playing, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; s/124/1224/g</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; hpottinger meant to say: bibblio-transformation-engine is on my list of toys to play with, so I definitely want to give 1224 and 1226 a spin, have metadata people here excited about playing, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; hpottinger: that's nice</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; kstamatis: if the release team can help you with these contributions, finding reviewers, etc. please let me know.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; helix84: I think we are not focused on adding it at this time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i am disappont :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; great meeting all.  thanks for all the discussion!  i've got to bow out now, but i'm *hoping* to sit down with the transcript and make sure all these threads spin out onto devel for anyone who wasn't here.  cheers!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; well, what I mean is that we have 5 big contributions with higher priority</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; sands: being new in here, help is needed!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; kstamatis: ok, then you will receive it!  :)  i will make sure the review continues on the release list and we will make sure it gets the attention needed.  cheers!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Tail-end Charlie here would like to invite more eyes to DS-861, added to the list after the start of this meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-861">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-861</a> ] - [#DS-861] Salt PasswordAuthentication - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: i understand. i just thought we'd get the framework in in it's current form, even if there's no UI. For me it's important to have a place to store metadata for epersons. I'll probably have to abuse items for that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; sands: thank you very much</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; you're very welcome</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: one question about your Researcher pages: where do you store Eperson metadata?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: the short answer is. we have new objects in the data model</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; helix84: I"m thinking a lighter approach would be to make a "service" that manages the metadata independent of the data model</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood, there was a pretty funny thread about salted password hashes in Code4Lib IRC a couple of hours ago</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; new DSpace().getSingletonService(ExtraMetadataService.class).getMetadata(DSpaceObject object)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: don't go all Java on me, you know I don't speak the language of your tribe :) I'd be accessing the DB tables directly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: but what's the underlying storage? DB tables?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood still wondering why it's *Extra*Metadata</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; because its shorter than IWantToStoreAddtionalMetadataForMyDSpaceObjectService?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: the long answer is that we have developed our "framework" to manage additional properties, something like the dspace metadata but much complex (they are typed: string, data, number, etc.) and they can also manage nesting (similar to table)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: @mire added a second table so they could make it an addon for older versions of DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger chuckles, remembering an OR11 slide by kshepherd, recommending that we treat people as objects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: we use heavy DAO with Hibernate so data are in the DBMS</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; haha</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory not sure why we need more DSpaceObjects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: i think this storage is something we all would like to know more about. the need to store structured metadata has been discussed as part of metadata for all and related discussions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory we do need more Data Model Object though....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: i remember that slide :D</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; PeterDie_: send a flag up the pole if you want help with review of your Elastic Search Statistics work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bollini: your planning on contributing researcher pages?  is that going to introduce JPA/Hibernate dependencies?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: yes I know, I'm sorry but it is a very big contribution and we need time to dedicate to this activity. I happy to say that HKU has funded this initiative so we can find the time in the next months</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sorry, I have to leave.  'bye all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: no problem, i'm looking forward to it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mdiggory: I think that all the community need to think about this. The ResearcherPage (dspace-cris will be the contribution name) will be a separate module that will use a separate datasource no need to share the same solution with the dspace core. Obviously it could be a first tentative to introduce jpa</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* barmintor (~ba2213@franklin.cul.columbia.edu) Quit (Quit: barmintor)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bollini: helix84: this is why I'm hesitant to push up the priority of the pull request for the extra metadata table as well, there are other possibilities and I'm concerned about us making the DSO model changes without a good discussion on a DSO Design roadmap.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; Goodnight everyone (12:40 am in Athens/Greece)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kstamatis (25067746@gateway/web/freenode/ip.37.6.119.70) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sands (~sandsfish@18.189.31.239) Quit (Quit: sands)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: maybe we need to put all the options on the table before we start choosing one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: but in principle, i like the idea of any dspace object having the same metadata possibilities. orthogonal design.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; dspace object suffrage movement!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i'll better head out now before a horse runs over me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; good night!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I still think we don't know what we want, the dialog upto this point was to attempt small changes to the DSO model to expose actual MetadataValue objects.  But, TBH, I'm concern that this sounds simpler than it actually is... the fkey relationships force us to need to change the persistence model if we really want to make metadatavalue table DSO centric</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thats why theres a separate table and methods in the pull request/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; gnite</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mdiggory: at CILEA we are working on our framework since four/five years (not all time ;-) ) so I'm enough confident that our solution is a good DBMS solution to store metadata of any complexity, using different technologies (JCR, XML, NOSQL)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; could provide better ?! solution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mdiggory: sorry, phrase splitted on two lines</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I would be happy to see the design... I have a strong sense that JPA is probably going to be the best path forward</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; would love to hang around more, but our library is closing for the evening and they're kicking me out, see you all later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; your still at work?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Later, taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; time to go also for me... bye!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; have a good eveing... send me something</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; design doc or link or whatever....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok, I will send something as soon as possible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; bye!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (~chatzilla@host9-29-dynamic.51-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) Quit (Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.88.2 [Firefox 14.0.1/20120713134347])</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (a@195.113.97.174) has left #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>