<span class="irc-date">[2:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@bb219-74-197-50.singnet.com.sg) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@bb219-74-197-50.singnet.com.sg) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:56]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:56]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:56]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:56]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@bb219-74-197-50.singnet.com.sg) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@bb219-74-197-50.singnet.com.sg) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Note for Developers:  <a href="https://bamboo.duraspace.org">https://bamboo.duraspace.org</a> will be down shortly (for about 10mins) while I perform an upgrade to Bamboo.  There was a recent critical security issue reported in our current version of Atlassian Bamboo.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Dashboard - DuraSpace Bamboo ] - <a href="https://bamboo.duraspace.org">https://bamboo.duraspace.org</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://bamboo.duraspace.org">https://bamboo.duraspace.org</a> is back up, and Bamboo has been upgraded.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Dashboard - DuraSpace Bamboo ] - <a href="https://bamboo.duraspace.org">https://bamboo.duraspace.org</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If anyone has DSpace topics to chat about, feel free to ping me.  My official "office hours" are now until our Developer Meeting: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~tdonohue/DSpace+Office+Hours">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~tdonohue/DSpace+Office+Hours</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Office Hours - Tim Donohue - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~tdonohue/DSpace+Office+Hours">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~tdonohue/DSpace+Office+Hours</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (a@195.113.97.174) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, reminder that we have our DSpace Developers Mtg here at the top of the hour (~12mins): <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-08-29">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-08-29</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2012-08-29 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-08-29">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-08-29</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~chatzilla@host176-111-dynamic.16-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C154B1.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi DSpace Devs -- apologies in advance of our upcoming meeting. I have some workers here today trying to fix a roof leak.  So, I may have to step away at a moment's notice as needed.  I will let you all know if I need to step away so that meeting can hopefully continue on without me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, DSpace Developers mtg is starting now.  Today's agenda is up at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-08-29">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-08-29</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2012-08-29 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-08-29">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-08-29</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; seems like a rather semi-small crowd again today...but hopefully we'll get some more folks filtering in here in the next few minutes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sorry, I was out of town last week and a promised network connection didn't work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; as has been the case the last few weeks, we'll concentrate on 3.0 stuff today.  I didn't have any specific topics to tackle, other than I know we have a lot of Feature pull requests that still require some sort of review before the "freeze" on Sept 7 (just over a week)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i have a small status update. XOAI is in good shape, small fixes still coming in, I rebased the branch to merge easily.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The other topic we could discuss are the odd build/test problems noticed by both helix84 and mhwood in recent days, as this is causing potential merge issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; is it a good practice rebase the branch before merge?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; as announced, I opened a pull request for the ldap improvements, which include DS-1078 and merging LDAPAuthentication and LDAPHierarchicalAuthentication. DS-1180 was already merged previously.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1078">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1078</a> ] - [#DS-1078] Assign users in LDAP group to DSpace group on login - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1180">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1180</a> ] - [#DS-1180] LDAP: if no adminUser is set, build the DN using the object_context - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: in my opinion, it's what we should do. in my case, it wouldn't merge otherwise. in general, it helps keep clean history (without parallel branches).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, where do we want to start today?  Any suggestions from the Release Team members (so that we can make the most of our time here &amp; make sure we are on-track to meet upcoming deadlines)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I saw the recent dialog concerning maven and property replacement, I've not had a moment to look into it however.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: we are new to git but someone could have already started to fork and make experiments also starting from branch that we are currently merging... rebasing could cause issue to them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- is the maven / property replacement stuff worth touching on today? Is additional help/support needed?  I'll admit, I haven't had time to look at it this week either.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I also made a pull request for DS-1084, I still expect minor fixes there. And for DS-1193, where still noone volunteered to make separate endpoints for rights, so I went ahead in its current form.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1084">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1084</a> ] - [#DS-1084] Handle authority and confidence fields in Bulk Editing - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1193">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1193</a> ] - [#DS-1193] display bitstream read access permissions on item page - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: you are right. But this branch is essentially moments before merge, so I don't expect any changes (except for from Lyncode and I coordinate with him). I also warned about the rebase in comments.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've been putting bits of my investigation on dspace-devel as I find stuff.  I think I know why it's misbehaving but haven't got it fixed yet.  I just worked out the problem a few minutes ago.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; if most of you agree, we can discuss the benefits of rebase vs. merge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; there are also dangers unfortunately.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; just to be fair, I do use rebasing, I don't mean to present a negative viewpoint.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I expect that rebase vs. merge will come down to personal taste.  I don't rebase because I like plenty of history on small, self-contained commits (and because I don't want to think about the issues you get into with rebasing).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 -- to be honest, I'd rather make sure we get our build/test problems resolved as currently our pull request queue is a bit "stuck", as our unit tests are hanging indefinitely, and as you noted, rebuilding (mvn package) DSpace currently causes it to grow exponentially in size to several GB</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: okey dokey. we may discuss rebase in the meiling lists if anyone wants.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; There is a detail in the diagram I put up at the conference that makes use of rebase / squash a little less problematic for other users, and that is to always use a "release candidate" to squash/rebase the work you will contribute to a Pull Request" rather than the original feature branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I do however think we should update our Git Documentation to talk about Rebase Vs. merge: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git</a>  (As mhwood mentions though I think it is a matter of preference in some ways)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Development with Git - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: that's a good practice and in a way I do that. we can discuss the details via email.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So which goes first? Configuration Wars, or the Incredible Expanding DSpace Build?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Sounds like the next episode of Star Wars</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; just to add a point to our agenda, I'm interested in receiving a "final" direction for the JSPUI/browse discovery contributions (enabled by default? which strategy use for enabling/disabling them?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think we talk about Configuration Wars. That currently has our Unit Tests hanging forever, so it probably gets a slightly higher priority</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; lyncode figured out a solution to the expanding build, but someone with maven experience may want to look at it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; (the solution is presented in the last comment on pull request #40)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think we should change the title before we talk about it... we were starting to get productive...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; "The Future of Configuration"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we need to be geared towards 3.0 here :)    We have only this week &amp; next to also give the final votes on every outstanding pull request (if we are to make our Feature Freeze deadline).   So, we need to stay on track with limiting discussion around 3.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; "Maven Build: Clone Wars"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ha, ok... that smells like maybe the processed files are getting included back into the processing during the next maven build</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: If the idea is to vote on _every_ new feature / improvement, I can make a list of outstanding pull requests. And suggest a few right now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK.  DSpaceConfigurationService is looping forever when it sees a combination of a circular reference (dspace.dir = ${dspace.dir}) and a reference to the circularly-defined property in another property's value.  That's the hang.  I want to fix that by changing the way we test for circularity.  But that leaves the tests broken.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; maybe try putting an excludes "target" here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/40/files#L1R29">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/40/files#L1R29</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Request #40: DS-1208 Build time filtering to allow multi developer/environment builds by steveswinsburg · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/40/files#L1R29">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/40/files#L1R29</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The reason the code is seeing this unfortunate situation is that ConfigurationManager and DSpaceConfigurationService don't find the "master" config. in the same way.  I want to fix that by teaching DSpaceConfigurationService to look for the same system property that ConfigurationManager uses to override the path to the "master".  It looks as though Ant is depending on this alternate-configuration stuff.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- are you talking about the other Maven issue?  There are two -- the Ever-Expanding DSpace Build (which seems to be a web.xml filter issue), and the Infinite Loop Configuration Problem (what mhwood is talking about)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: i've really done my best figuring out what's wrong. fixing it is another story, it's beyond my skills. if you can prepare a fix, I'm sure Steven will be happy to review it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- that fix sounds reasonable to me (though admittedly, I haven't had a chance to look in much detail)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I should check, but I think that the DS-1208 substitution isn't done yet.  We're in "test" phase.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1208">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1208</a> ] - [#DS-1208] Build time filtering to allow multi developer/environment builds - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Actually I hope that substitution isn't done yet.  Unit testing shouldn't depend on local configuration!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not sure I understand what you mean by Ds-1208 not being "done".  It's committed/merged, and it (initially) passed Unit tests after the merge.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; "done" as in "executed by Maven".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; now I'm confused</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I was referring to " Ever-Expanding DSpace Build "</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Hi, I should apologize for being very distracted, we've got a development server acting up on us today, am trying to keep an eye on the inbox, as well as this meeting, sorry for blurting this out of context, but figured I should say *something* about being distracted.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- yea, there's two different Maven issues.  We're also having an issue in Bamboo.  The unit testing hangs forever (hits an infinite loop in attempting to load configurations) -- this is the one mhwood has been looking into</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; suggestion - let's start messages with issue's we're talking about (loop:, target:, bamboo:)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; #define bamboo: loop:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think one challenge is that the notes are all over the place and mixed in with the contributions dialog</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I"m not even fully aware of the details of proposals to resolve,  can we have someone summarize the first issue (loop:)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's the dspace-devel thread about the Unit Testing Infinite loop: <a href="http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-devel@lists.sourceforge.net/msg09597.html">http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-devel@lists.sourceforge.net/msg09597.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Re: [Dspace-devel] [DSpace-changelog] [DuraSpace Bamboo] DSpace &gt; Master ] - <a href="http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-devel@lists.sourceforge.net/msg09597.html">http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-devel@lists.sourceforge.net/msg09597.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's the separate issue around the "Ever expanding DSpace build" (target recursion) -- it's mostly in the comments at the end of this pull request: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/40">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/40</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Request #40: DS-1208 Build time filtering to allow multi developer/environment builds by steveswinsburg · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/40">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/40</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hmm, I get the sense that ConfigurationService is unaware of the attempts to do value replacement on key=${key}</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory note this seems a good example of why I didn't like the approach originally and suggested value replacement based on key</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If you mean the Ds-1208 filtering -- ConfigurationService shouldn't know or care.  It's either done by the time ConfigurationService inits, or not.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; When not, we see the problem.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So the problem is that he configuration isn't getting filtered properly and ConfigurationService spins out of control due to the indirect loop.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So, the primary problem is that theres a bug in DS 1208</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think it's not filtered *yet*.  Doesn't test phase happen before the filtering?  I'm trying to find the filtering in the POM....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and the result of that bug exposed a shortfall in ConfigurationService</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Since this is happening in test, I assume that the build.properties filtering isn't getting processed on the test environment because it wasn't designed to do so?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The thing I find odd in this Config infinite loop issue is that after the Ds-1208 feature (build.properties) was initially committed, the Unit tests worked fine (they succeeded).  The oddity is this problem didn't manifest itself until after the Salt PasswordAuth stuff also was merged (<a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/41)">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/41)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Probably that contained the first unit test that triggers ConfigurationService?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; could be, mhwood.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've been pushing myself to use the Services wherever possible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yea, you're probably right then.  Maybe no other unit tests called the ConfigurationService until the Salt PasswordAuth, and thus the problem emerged there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ruebot (~ruebot@LB-SC-S1B4DB.library.yorku.ca) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Maybe.... I think there was also an adjustement we made to have the dspace.cfg be in the appropriate location such that the ServiceManager could properly start during tests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue is now wondering if maybe we move on to other topics?  Now that we've gotten these issues in several of our minds, maybe it's best to bring discussion &amp; resolution to the mailing lists?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Perhaps so.  Don't want to waste time thinking silently while we are gathered.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: is this something you will continue to attack?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I'm still on it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, exactly.  I think if we can get a few volunteers to help out, we should take the rest of this work to mailing list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Do we have a volunteer to also look at the Maven 'target' recursion problem (the Ever Expanding DSpace Build)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; again, described here: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/40">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/40</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Request #40: DS-1208 Build time filtering to allow multi developer/environment builds by steveswinsburg · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/40">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/40</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Rather, look at 'target' recursion *solution*?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood : yea, you know what I mean :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; there already is a solution suggested, but someone who speaks maven needs to implement it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; and mdiggory just suggested a solution, too (is it different from lyncode's?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So who is this "someone who speaks maven"?  Shouldn't we all be willing to try and dig into some maven? (considering so much of DSpace build depends on it) ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 applauds tdonohue for volunteering :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll admit, I won't have time between now and next week's meeting.  (I'm taking a long weekend with the family &amp; have Fri-Tues off)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; what is lyncodes soltuon?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: lyncode put a solution here: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/40#issuecomment-8130486">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/40#issuecomment-8130486</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Request #40: DS-1208 Build time filtering to allow multi developer/environment builds by steveswinsburg · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/40#issuecomment-8130486">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/40#issuecomment-8130486</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm still only a pidgin-Maven speaker, alas.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; well, I was intending to backport 1208 to my fork of DSpace 1.8, so it's possible I'll be able to dive in and help out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger does not speak Maven at all, relies entirely on a guide book, much to the entertainment of the mvn exectuable, surely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, it sounds like we have some interest from possibly hpottinger and possibly mdiggory.  Hopefully we can find someone to dig in and try out some things.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; moving on; tdonohue: If the idea is to vote on _every_ new feature / improvement, I can make a list of outstanding pull requests. And suggest a few right now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue thinks more of us should get your "feet wet" in debugging Maven issues.  Maven's really not all that scary.  :)  It's mostly just a bunch of XML config files called "POMs" which tell Maven what to do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the thing is, as was commented, if this is done at the maven level, then the ant build doesn't get a proper chance at putting the correct values in the web.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, we are doing install-time things at build-time.  Bad.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so if anyone runs ant -Dconfig=....../dspace.cfg pointing somewhere else, their wars will be incorrect</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And I do that all the time...!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; we have that in docs, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory grumbles under breath that he never got rid of Ant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 -- I'm leaving that decision to the Release Team.  I feel like the Release Team members should suggest how they'd like us to vote / make final decisions on all outstanding pull requests.  I don't think it's my role to dictate that :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; However, I also override that stuff in the Context, so maybe it doesn't hurt *me*.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; at the risk of derailing the conversation, didn't someone mention at some point the possibility of us writing our own installer?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ant:  we still need an installer of some sort, and Maven is not an installer.  Ask over on maven-users if my word won't do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 thinks configuration really got messy... I hope we can solve this by 4.0 with something like the dynamic configuration idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yea, I tried writing our own installer about 6-8 mos ago (essentially wrapping Maven) and my direction sorta "failed" (didn't work so well).  I've never gotten back to it, but the code &amp; docs are still out there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; s/Maven/Maven &amp; Ant/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; tdonohue meant to say: hpottinger: yea, I tried writing our own installer about 6-8 mos ago (essentially wrapping Maven &amp; Ant) and my direction sorta "failed" (didn't work so well).  I've never gotten back to it, but the code &amp; docs are still out there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Dynamic configuration will make it worse, not better.  What will make it better is starting a clean sheet of paper and asking:  where should configuration data come from, and which sources have priority over which?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: that's what lyncode's dynamic configuration is about, as i understand it...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm not against dynamic configuration; I just think it will pull in even more complexity.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Until we drive the complexity out again.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; FWIW my old "failed" installer is described at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Installer+Prototype">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Installer+Prototype</a>  Some of the ideas could still be useful, but it didn't work so well how I tried it initially.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Installer Prototype - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Installer+Prototype">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Installer+Prototype</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I just started looking at <a href="http://java.net/projects/openinstaller/">http://java.net/projects/openinstaller/</a> but can't find the doco. yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: there's this exploratory code: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/61">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/61</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Request #61: Enabling Dynamic DSpace Configuration Manager by lyncodev · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/61">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/61</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Open Installer framework for buildin ... — Java.net ] - <a href="http://java.net/projects/openinstaller/">http://java.net/projects/openinstaller/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we are hitting the hour</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (admittedly though my ideas may have failed cause I tried to do *too much*.  I attempted to make a completely offline installer, which is nearly impossible with Maven)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, we are at the hour.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there big 3.0 questions we need/want to ask here or on mailing lists?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; well, my question to the release team (anyone here?) is if we still need to vote on issues submitted before the deadline</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; or we can just go ahead and merge them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry I was digging into the web.xml filtering issue and got distracted...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I have one question about the JSPUI discovery that I like to discuss here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 3.0 Release Team = sandsfish (not here), hpottinger &amp; robintaylor (not here)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think that we all agree that more dialog and work needs to happen around Pull 61</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; ooh, I get to make some decisions :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger rubs his hands with glee</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory looks a little worried</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: i agree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger -- has the RT discussed how you'd like to vote on remaining pull requests?  Or should we pose that question to dspace-release?  Just noticing we only have a little over one week until "freeze"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mdigorry: absolutely, #61 need more eyes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: all discussions of the RT are public, are are held on the dspace-release yet, no out of band discussions have ocurred on this subject, to the best of my knowledge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory, I think I'd also be inclined to delay #61 for "post-3.0 / 4.0": <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/61">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/61</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Request #61: Enabling Dynamic DSpace Configuration Manager by lyncodev · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/61">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/61</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: Ok, that's good to know. I wasn't sure whether you'd met separately or not.  So, shall we ask on dspace-release what process we'd like to establish for the remaining 30 pull requests that are open? <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; we really need to tame configuration, but I think the issue to too big to make it before 3.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hpottinger: tdonohue I've avoided going deeper into the voting dialog because i thin there are larger fish to fry...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: yes, I think that's the best approach, bring it up before the whole RT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I guess I'd like to see Pull Requests get categorized (soon) as either:  (a) Accepted for 3.0 or (b) Delayed / Needs more work  (not sure if there are other categories)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if voting on PR doesn't get started (preferably in dev) I don't think theres time to complete a full review of the list by the new date</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; likewise, I notice a few more PR have trickled in since last friday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 mdiggory -- that's my concern as well.  We don't want to be looking at this same list of 30 next weds without any decisions having been made</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i agree that triage is needed, a wiki page for that would be best</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; probably on the release notes page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i'll draft it up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'd recommend they be addressed in the order they were opened.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; point of clarification, RT doesn't really hold authority over what makes it into the release, just over what they are willing to commit to ensuring gets into the release, yes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; correct, they just need to facilitate and moderate the dialog</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; well, tdonohue may speak to this...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: correct.  As mdiggory said, your role is to facilitate &amp; moderate the dialog.   I'm stepping back here &amp; expecting you all to start these votes &amp; make the announcement of what is in/out based on those votes  (I'm glad to help/provide tips, but I'm not acting as facilitator of these votes)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; does that make sense hpottinger?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Essentially the Release Team needs to make sure that discussions that need to happen are happening (and I'll help prompt you as will other committers if we see things that need discussion).  But, the main facilitator of these 3.0 discussions should be the RT.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: i'll make the triage and I'll list the outstanding issues in one email and call a vote for all of them, so you can send votes for multiple issues in one email</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As such, the RT is more than welcome to tell me what you'd like to talk about in Developer Meetings, if there are topics that need tackling</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; does that sound good?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yes, it does make sense, tdonohue, just want to be sure the RT knows what it is they're being asked to do: call a vote on remaining PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and if helix84 isn't on the RT already, I think he just volunteered. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger -- yep, exactly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; um, i'll need to read up on RT responsibilities, but I can do what I suggested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 -- yea, that's again a RT decision.  RT is calling the vote, not I</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ok. i'll prepare the vote, contact RT before sending it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; applauds helix84 :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 says goodbye to his beauty sleep tonight</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Also needs his beauty sleep !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; To clarify for everyone:  I'm not on the Release Team for a very specific reason.   We're trying to get into the process of establishing a ongoing Release Team system that doesn't necessarily depend so much on my time.  Although I'm glad to help out, many past releases really took too much of my time away, and we're trying to establish a more "community-driven" release process (not so "DuraSpace-led" per say, though we'll still b</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C154B1.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit:  HydraIRC -&gt; <a href="http://www.hydrairc.com">http://www.hydrairc.com</a> &lt;- Chicks dig it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; helix84: I'm sending a note to the dspace-release list right now, asking them to look at today's transcript, and also letting them know that you'll be drafting a note for calling the vote; as an aside, welcome to the RT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sleep won't help my looks, but I need to leave anyway.  Thanks, all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In future releases, there may be times I'll sit on the Release Team...but, I want to try at least 1-2 where we get more community folks involved :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks helix84 &amp; hpottinger!  Looking forward to the discussion!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sounds reasonable, tim, you're already doing a lot! thanks for leading DevMtgs and taking care of infrastructure among other menial developer tasks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (yea, speaking of infrastructure -- expect a JIRA upgrade soon...critical security issues there as well.  I had to upgrade Bamboo today for the same reasons)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok, before all of us  leave I try to post a question about the JSPUI discovery porting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; my question is, when discovery is disabled do you want the dspace-discovery-jspui-api.jar in the jspui.war or not?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: you may want to coordinate with mdiggory on that as he'll be doing a maven cleanup (modularization and dependencies) after the freeze</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini -- I believe the Discovery XMLUI API is in the xmlui.war even when discovery is disabled.  But, mdiggory could likely correct me if I'm wrong.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; actually for xmlui the dependency on discovery-xmlui-api is "hardcoded" so the jar is always here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: it is already even</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; tdonohue: right (but I don't like this, so in the current pull request the jspui work diffrently)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bollini: can you expand on that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; dependency is activated by a maven profile</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes obviously "official mtg" is ended. If you need to head out, obviously feel free.  I'll stick around here for a bit though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; the profile is (currently) active by default, you can turn off using -Dlucene=true (as in current pull request discovery is enabled by default in jspui)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; note to dspace_release sent</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: did you survive the meeting without a leak? ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 -- roof is fixed now (fingers crossed).  It was only leaking when it rains</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; rain in the forecast, that's for sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I have also used the same canonical name for the servlets (simple/advanced search) so that classpath overlay do the magic to enable discovery servlet when jar is present without changing the web.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini -- one thing that is different about the XMLUI is that Discovery is enabled/disabled *after* you build/install DSpace (in the [dspace]/config/ xmlui.xconf file).  So, I think the Discovery API has to be included in the build of the XMLUI.war</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; tdonohue: right, good point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: question: so you can't disable JSPUI/Discovery without rebuilding?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger -- yea, that's why we wanted to get this roof leak fixed ASAP.  We're supposed to get hit by the remnants of Hurricane Isaac this weekend (no longer a hurricane obviously, but we may still get 3-5 inches of rain or more)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I'm only worried about having dependency (jars) in the wars that someone not need (the war will become larger and larger)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: lots of folks around here worried about that rain, too... ground is so dry it will likely run off, many people are pre-watering lawns</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: yes, with the current approach enabling/disabling require a build</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini -- I can understand that worry. But, I think it's also a question of how easy it will be for people to enable/disable Discovery, and whether the Discovery JSPUI API actually takes up that much space</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thisis why we put it on /discovery not /search, /browse / etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you can run all approaches in parallel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; enabling them is a choice in config.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: hmm, i didn't know that one could have both aspects enabled</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mdiggory: the issue with jspui is that mapping is (currently) defined in web.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; tdonohue helix84 putting together your thought I think that you will prefer if I change strategy so that discovery-jspui-api will be always included and servlets (simple/advanced) use different logic basis on a property in the dspace.cfg file</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: I indeed like that in xmlui discovery can be enabled by changing config and restarting. I never thought about the added size - no problem for me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bollini, I have a proposition, add support for spring servlet and enable discovery as a Controller....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mdiggory: +1 ...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we could also move to servlet 2.5 and use annotations mapping</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini -- I think that approach sounds fine to me (config in dspace.cfg).  I don't feel very strongly either way though, it's more a matter of what is reasonable for 3.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; on the other hand, I'm always thinking about build time - apropos, mdiggory, i've been meaning to ask you - will your post-freeze maven work enable me to build only modules which I choose? IOW reduce module interdependencies?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the only big modules interdependency atm is the sword client stuff...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; or let me ask another way - what's the minimal list of profiles I need for just xmlui?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; which sucks all of the sword-api and dependencies into the xmlui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ping?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I hope that in future we can find a (convenient) way to only include in the war the dependencies that the user really need (i.e. if the user don't need the oai harvester these classes should not be in the war, etc.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; but at the current stage I think that it is not really possible, so as far as I know helix84 to build xmlui you need to build more or less anything (just avoid the other webapplication)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; note: lyncode is also working on something related - dspace distributions - downloading only a selected set of modules, i.e. not like dspace-src, but like dspace-release with variations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; pong</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; it will be more minimal than it currently is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; effectively it should be "dspace-api, dspace-xmlui"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but if we keep solr stats separate, then it could require additionally "dspace-solr"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; "dspace-solr-stats"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; great. I was trying it a few days ago and I ended up with maven talking back to me until I ended up with almost every profile</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I mean</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this is the problem when you have profiles enabled by default... they are disabled as soon as you start to add profiles</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tbh... theres no need for a postgres profile, including postgres jar wouldn't impact oracle</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; but the stupid thing about maven is that it won't just get the dependencies, it will fail and tell me just one which it needs...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i didn't realize we had a postgres profile</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so good to hear it's going to get better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the only reason we have an oracle profile is because the dependence isn't in maven...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I think that we should avoid to put any jar that we *could* need in the dependencies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mark, what about the target/ problem, can I expect you to prepare a fix? or should I just try to apply lyncode's approach?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; postgres not impact oracle but this is a specific consideration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we should make the same analysis for any library against any other, and I hope that in a future the dspace platform could have a repository of third part plugin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bollini: I'm not going hog wild here, I wouldn't generalize it so</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: i've been toying with the idea for some time now. i'll propose something after 3.0 is out of the door.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm just talking about the database jars that dspace does need to operate based on its current capabilities. I'm not going to stick mysql in there until someone show support for it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: I'm curious now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: although i'm not completely sure we're thinking the same thing. My idea is something like a contrib repository where addons would live and more people could commit, that wouldn't be released along with dspace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: so we could have LNI, REST, SRW and the like in contrib and a really lean and basic dspace distribution.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: oh yes, your are talking about the place where the addons should live</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: yes, is that different from what you were thinking?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: but imho we also need to think about a way to make easy for end-user (not developer) to add this contribution to their repository</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; installing a plugin for word press is *very* easy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: yes, that's the goal. and the challenge.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; helix84: mark, what about the target/ problem, can I expect you to prepare a fix? or should I just try to apply lyncode's approach? ....  its not sufficient, ...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; lyncode's approach is not sufficient?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the problem is that the original contribution switched away from "default." as a prefix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and so now where the web.xml was only filtered when someone actually intentionally used dspace.dir in the pom properites. now its all the time....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok, I need to go... in Italy it's midnight (my carriage could become a pumpkin)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; good night</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: good night, watch your shoes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I don't want to know about your dress...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; :-D</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; have a good night</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (~chatzilla@host176-111-dynamic.16-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) Quit (Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.88.2 [Firefox 14.0.1/20120713134347])</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: i really know little about all that. i don't even know what filtering is needed for. just tell me if you're going to fix it or I should be looking for someone else</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; can I say that overall I don't like the solution... heres an example of what I said in commiters list... isn't it the responsibility of the original contributor to fix or it should be ejected?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; that's what I'd say</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry, I've lost confidence in the solution that was provided.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i've never had it to begin with :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; it just added complexity to configuration and configuration need an overhaul from the ground up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so, next steps?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mark, i sent you an email asking about next steps to take in this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; good night</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (a@195.113.97.174) has left #duraspace</span><br />
