<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2012-05-30
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@128.146.173.59) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@128.146.173.59) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@128.146.173.59) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, my weekly DSpace Office Hours are starting now.  Ping me, if you'd like to chat about anything DSpace related. <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~tdonohue/DSpace+Office+Hours">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~tdonohue/DSpace+Office+Hours</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Office Hours - Tim Donohue - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~tdonohue/DSpace+Office+Hours">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~tdonohue/DSpace+Office+Hours</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sands (~sandsfish@18.189.31.239) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, reminder that at the top of the hour we have our weekly DSpace Developers Mtg here : <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-05-30">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-05-30</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2012-05-30 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-05-30">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-05-30</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sands (~sandsfish@18.189.31.239) Quit (Quit: sands)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's now time for our DSpace Developers Meeting. Today's agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-05-30">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-05-30</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2012-05-30 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-05-30">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-05-30</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll kick things off with the usual JIRA catchup</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-1021+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-1021+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1021">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1021</a> ] - [#DS-1021] Add integration with an online document viewer (like flash based FlexPaper) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-1021+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-1021+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; starting with DS-1021</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1021">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1021</a> ] - [#DS-1021] Add integration with an online document viewer (like flash based FlexPaper) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh wait, this was one we already discussed, and I vaguely remember hpottinger saying he was looking into it. (though he's not around to verify)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@18.111.2.175) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; PeterDietz is here, though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- do you recall the status of Ds-1021?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, in essence of time, I suggest we move along.  I'll fairly certain that Hardy is looking into this.  I'll ping him about Ds-1021</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DS-1023</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1023">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1023</a> ] - [#DS-1023] No linebreaks allowed in submission form textboxes - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds reasonable.  I just hope it isn't the nose of the Markup Camel.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; based on the comments in Ds-1023, I think this one is just waiting on a volunteer.  I'd agree that ideally we should allow linebreaks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 mhwood.  Yea, I'd rather not get into too much markup in metadata.  But, linebreaks some "ok"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hearing no other thoughts, I guess that leaves us at:  Ds-1023 Summary - Seems reasonable. Needs a volunteer to implement.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DS-1028</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1028">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1028</a> ] - [#DS-1028] Single Sign-On CAS plugin for Dspace 1.7.2 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; is the desire to patch 1.7, or would a 1.8 solution be possible?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone have any experience with CAS to look at this more closely?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm assuming they'd want to update this.  But, this patch looks to have been submitted when the latest DSpace version was 1.7.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can read it over.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, assign Ds-1028 to mhwood for review.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DS-1030</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1030">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1030</a> ] - [#DS-1030] markRobotsByIP doesn&amp;#39;t remove isBot:false records - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, PeterDietz has this one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; not sure of status though, so we may want to ping PeterDietz for an update and see if he needs any more eyes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll move along to one last one...DS-1032</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1032">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1032</a> ] - [#DS-1032] DIDL Crosswalk exporting data without escaping specific XML chars - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; not much info provided here in the description. But, still would be worth someone looking into</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Agreed, it sounds like a simple omission.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any volunteers on this one?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'll take it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, assign Ds-1032 to robint.  Thanks robin!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll stop JIRA review there for today.  We seem to have a mostly "silent" group here today :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, next up on the Agenda...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I wanted to brainstorm some possible topics for the OR12 Developers Meeting: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-09+-+OR12+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-09+-+OR12+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2012-07-09 - OR12 Meeting - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-09+-+OR12+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-09+-+OR12+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; as a reminder, I won't be there, so, I'm trying to get the jump on organizing it a bit more in advanc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; essentially -- how the meeting is organized &amp; the topics that are discussed are totally up-for-discussion.  It could be a loosely organized as an "unconference", or be very specifically planned out (with various topic leaders assigned), or a mixture of both</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; obviously one of the big topics should be 3.0 -- but, there's lots of ways to go about tackling that as a topic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Personally I am in favour of some agenda or list of topics, at least for part of the meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So are there any other topics / big questions you can think of to add to that agenda?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I agree robint : at least a fraction should be structured</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'd say all the thinking around metadata (DCAT, etc), which may or may not all make it into 3.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; as a reminder -- at OR11, we mostly had specific topics planned out (the big one ended up being what to do about release numbering &amp; 2.0).  But, we did also have an "open discussion" period for an hour or so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sands (~sandsfish@18.189.31.239) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers: good idea with regards to talking about the various Metadata proposals from DCAT survey, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any other glaring topic omissions on my part :)  ( I just added a quick bullet on the Metadata enhancement proposals to that OR12 wiki page)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (a@195.113.97.174) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (you are also more than welcome to add things in later if something comes to mind)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Re-examination of authentication/authorization?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- I think that'd be worth talking through, though we want to avoid spiraling into major architectural redesign (though that's the same with the metadata topics too)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I also wanted to note that, thus far, I've been asking folks to also add their name after topics if they'd be willing to lead the discussion on a particular topic.  So, if you'd be willing to lead discussion (even just get folks "rolling" and give a brief background to start it off), please consider adding your name next to a topic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, far this looks like it's going to be a relatively small, friendly meeting.  So, by "leading a topic" I don't mean you'd need to actually have anything formal prepared (i.e. no need for slides, unless you felt it would be helpful)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'd go further and say any material we can distribute in advance (or put up in wiki, etc) could give people background or strawmen on a given subject</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I realise I need to add my name to the attendees list, anyone else here in the same boat ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; and be nice for those of us who won't be there.  ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yep, me too robint</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 richardrodgers. It'd be good to have most of this stuff up there on the wiki in advance.  Though, I'm trying to be realistic about the fact that many folks may not review it even if you ask them to :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (out of lack of time before OR12, not out of lack of desire)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; true enough tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; richardrodgers: just added you, hope thats ok :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, in any case, the more links/info we can get up on that wiki page about these topics, the better.   To that end, I likely will keep reminding everyone about this weekly until OR12 (it's only a little over a month away!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; anything else anyone wants to add about this specific OR12 mtg or OR12 in general?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm definitely going to miss not being able to see/have a beer with everyone this year!  I just realized a few days ago that this is only the 2nd OR that I've missed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (the first one being the first OR -- which I didn't attend)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Did you go to Australia, tdonohue ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; nope</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Anyone been to them all ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; not me, I also missed #1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Hmm, I think I'll have to organise something to find out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that would be interesting to know robint.  surely there are a few who've made it to all of them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case.  The last topic I had for today is the "standing topic" of 3.0 updates / ideas / possible features.  I don't have anything specific to mention. But, I wanted to leave time for 3.0 discussion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I guess, one basic 3.0 question I have is "how are we looking on our Release Timeline"?  Are we feeling more comfortable with these dates for Feature Freeze, etc.?  <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+3.0+Notes#DSpaceRelease3.0Notes-TimelineandProcessing">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+3.0+Notes#DSpaceRelease3.0Notes-TimelineandProcessing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 3.0 Notes - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+3.0+Notes#DSpaceRelease3.0Notes-TimelineandProcessing">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+3.0+Notes#DSpaceRelease3.0Notes-TimelineandProcessing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Or, is that something we want to keep "provisional/tentative" for a while longer?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; I think it would be a good time to send out a request for contributions to start to get a sense of what the release is going to look like.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; Without a sketch of what is coming down the pipe, it is hard to judge timelines, what will be needed for testing/documentation/etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; sands: +1. Then we can start pestering folk to get code committed early.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 sounds like a good approach to me sands.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; I can send this out today or tomorrow.  dspace-dev?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I would copy in dspace-commit as well to make sure noone misses it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; robint: sounds good.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; dspace-dev, dspace-commit, dspace-release ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; :)  got it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (if you felt crazy you could add in dspace-tech, but it's probably not as necessary)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; I'll write a brief request up.  I'll be happy to have a better sense of how many contributions will need to be vetted.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; &amp; if you need any "more eyes" on the email, let me know. (but, no need to run it past me for approval -- just offering help if you want it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sands: you're asking for contributions but from what i've seen there are lot of various patches in the tracker that just sit there. IMHO we need people to look at them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; helix84: very true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; helix84: agreed.  i was thinking of large code drops of complete functionality, but the long tail can easily kill us.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 : yea, our patch queue is not always the prettiest, &amp; it actually could use a review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue wonders out-loud if we could find a way to split up the JIRA queue to do a *very quick* glance for anything that looks like "obvious wins" (i.e. already has a patch)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; tdonohue: special topic IRC meeting in the near future?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i tried to do some review and testing of patches sent by someone else, but there's very little I specifically know/care about</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Point.  And on the other end of the process, do we have any sort of norms for what's a decent length of time for a pull request to sit without concerns raised, before a committer should just go ahead and answer his own request, or a non-committer should feel invited to stir up discussion on -devel?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; but my suggestion is that we should get more people outside of just commiters to do review and testing and lift the burden from commiters</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: we can make our own policies about that.  Maybe this is all starting to mean we need a "Special Topics" meeting about Code/Patch/Pull Request Management</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: I'd *love* to get more developers involved, to take the burden from committers.  I think we need to find a way to better encourage that to happen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; there's the voting feature of JIRA...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; just brainstorming here - what if someone like me went through the issues with patches, did a one-line or one-paragraph sum up of each and sent an email to -tech or even -genera asking community to send their ideas and ask for testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; we could request developers vote up the ones that apply to them, to get some semblance of priority.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; oops, busy day.. and been out of the loop of attending #dspace meetings.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; either could be worth a try, to be honest.  helix84, I think it could be worth a try, but I worry a bit about the effort involved versus the payout.  Maybe I'm a bit pessimistic on this, but I worry that the response to such an email may not be too "overwhelming".  I know the DCAT group has had trouble getting responses to their discussion emails to -general</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, to be 100% honest here. I'm willing to give anything a try :)  The worst that can happen is it won't work, and then we'll move on to trying something else</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, at least we will have learned that it didn't really work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; you know, you started time-based releases, but with "the big 3.0" it seems to me everyone is expecting big changes to happen, while putting existing (mostly small) patches on second track. I think the whole idea behind time-based releases was to shift focus from this witing for large features.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I often find myself thinking w.r.t. a given issue, "do I even know enough about this to say anything useful?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; to jump in late, a feature I'm mostly sure I'll be adding to 3.0 would be elastic statistics</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; does that mean I can stretch my visitor counts?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; You mean, like, the numbers stretch to fit the head office's wishes? :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; sounds good.  commit it.  ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; @MIT folks, ask your DigCCur people. I gave them a demo last week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh I get it, "elastic" = stretchy -- man, my mind is slow today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; but yes, the number are easily fuzzed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- I'd suggest adding your "elastic search" feature to our 3.0 page: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+3.0+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+3.0+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; PeterDietz: is there any write-up on that yet?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 3.0 Notes - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+3.0+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+3.0+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Got to go. Cheers all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: you are correct on the purpose of time-based releases.  I fully agree with you that we need to find ways to leverage the time of the developer community.  Just trying to think of ways to make their time *useful* so they are willing to keep active!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; i'm also guessing there are contributions coming from @mire</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; by the way helix84 -- we all owe a huge thanks to your massive help on the listservs these days. :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; The best i have as a write-up yet is a google plus post: <a href="https://plus.google.com/115522466408243604820/posts/3RGP9edGDNu">https://plus.google.com/115522466408243604820/posts/3RGP9edGDNu</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Peter Dietz - Google+ - The Collection Statistics portal is coming along nicely. I… ] - <a href="https://plus.google.com/115522466408243604820/posts/3RGP9edGDNu">https://plus.google.com/115522466408243604820/posts/3RGP9edGDNu</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I can give demo access</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; another brainstorming idea - what about preparing feature-beta-releases during the cycle? What I mean is, e.g. I have very little idea about this Elastic search, but if PeterDietz prepared an 1.8 release with elastic search added and sent some announcements to the community, maybe they would be more likely to install it and figure out what elastic search is. All that during the cycle, before release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I had been hoping that big chunks could land at various times in the process, rather than all near the end.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yes helix84, this has been proposed in earlier release cycles..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hmmm, I have to go now too.  'bye!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 mhwood &amp; helix84.  I'd also love to see things come in throughout the year.  Unfortunately as much as we've tried in years past to do this, everyone seems to procrastinate a bit too much.  Maybe we need an easier way to quickly "cut" a release (i.e. so it just happens more automatically) to encourage folks to get their stuff out there, without putting burden on the release team</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; another point - I've had several small, piece-meal patches sitting in jira for a long time. One would think these trivial patches would be commited quickly. Some are even assigned, but with no activity. I now converted them to pull requests hoping they'll get more visibiity. Do you think commiters are more likely to look at pull requests than jira issues? Do you think it would be beneficial if I converted even patches from other contributors to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; pull requests?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Pull requests are easier to immediately accept than a patch, as they are "less work" to accept.  So, my hope is that Pull Requests will be a quicker route to get quick fixes in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, so far, I think we're still trying to "figure out" how to manage pull requests / github as a group.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; must go, thanks all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@18.111.2.175) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, it is worth noting that *all* pull requests (and comments to pull requests) send the committers an email.  So, it may help pester us a bit more :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, we're in "overtime" here. sorry.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; well, so do assigned jira comments, but it doesn't seem to help :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; gotta run.  cheers all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; actually JIRA comments go to dspace-devel.  Whereas Pull Requests go directly to each committers email</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; PeterDietz: re demo access - what about putting these feature releases on demo.dspace.org or somesuch "official" place?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sands (~sandsfish@18.189.31.239) Quit (Quit: sands)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (not that it's that much difference)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'd like to.. the code is currently locally customized, and hasn't been cleaned up to be pull-request-to-master yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: I think overall here, you are asking some great questions.  Part of the issue here is that it's obvious from this discussion that  we need a Special Topics meeting on how we will handle Pull Requests / JIRA in the future.  The GitHub move is still a bit "new" so we are still feeling our way around</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; My excuse is that I've either been busy, or lazy, and haven't been able to stay up-to-speed with github activities</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes that obviously the official meeting is "closed".  But, I'm still going to be around for a while, so I won't stop the discussion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i have one personel question here - who is the DSpace person to talk to about Solr syntax? (this thread has details on why I'm asking: <a href="http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-tech@lists.sourceforge.net/msg17241.html">http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-tech@lists.sourceforge.net/msg17241.html</a> )</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [Dspace-tech] How to add "last updated : mm-dd-aaaa" date ] - <a href="http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-tech@lists.sourceforge.net/msg17241.html">http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-tech@lists.sourceforge.net/msg17241.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; we can have continuous integration watch commits to github master or development, and show that at some demo instance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; in that thread, is Bernard asking about last code change, or last submission?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; well, having a demo site with HEAD code would be useful, but demoing features might attract community to try it out. I mean if it's installed, it's no work for them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; last submission</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; well - I assumed so</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; his question is ambiguous, but your solution with solr.. would be information from solr discovery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; that is /solr/search/select?q= right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; yep</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; i have little experience with discovery (search), but it should just be an easy solr query,</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; today i tried to look up some example DSpace Solr queries because I wanted to learn more about Solr but I came up with only a handful</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; dag, I was pretty solid at solr, but not using it for a couple of months (elastic search instead), it will take me a minute to remember.. however, if you can ask a specific question, i can help you answer it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; One interesting thing I found is that you can ask for a stylesheet to be applied to the XML response. It could return some nice HTML - I'm just working on such thing for OAI - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1178">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1178</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1178">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1178</a> ] - [#DS-1178] XSLT stylesheet for OAI-PMH - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [#DS-1178] XSLT stylesheet for OAI-PMH - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1178">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1178</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; PeterDietz: My question is in that thread</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; last submission datestamp</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; If you happen to have some old notes with some useful DSpace Solr queries, that would also help. I could convert it to a wiki page. There's really little documentation on this for someone who doesn't speak Solr.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'll keep looking, but basically, here's a start, q=*:* will find all docs, q=type:0 will find only bitstreams</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; (this if for stats, it might also work for search)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; in search it's probably search.resourcetype</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I just crashed my solr instance, but I think ?q=type:0&amp;sort=time%20desc should sort them by date</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; yum. java heap space error</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ok, giving tomcat 2gb makes it happy to do solr queries</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; i gotta go soon, but I'll see what I can un-earth.. mind you I'm making guesses, since I've only got data in solr statistics</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; solr/statistics/select?q=*:*&amp;sort=time%20desc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; thats says all docs, sort by time descending.. i.e. newest first</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; your first doc should have something like: &lt;date name="time"&gt;2012-04-24T13:06:56.059Z&lt;/date&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I guess you can parse that. I normally have java do all my solr queries, so I would convert that to a date object, and do something from there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; if you need some examples on how to bring it all together, here's some customizations to our solr stats thing: <a href="https://github.com/osulibraries/DSpaceOSUKB/blob/kb-source-sandbox/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/aspect/statistics/StatisticsTransformer.java#L740">https://github.com/osulibraries/DSpaceOSUKB/blob/kb-source-sandbox/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/aspect/statistics/StatisticsTransformer.java#L740</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpaceOSUKB/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/aspect/statistics/StatisticsTransformer.java at kb-source-sandbox · osulibraries/DSpaceOSUKB · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/osulibraries/DSpaceOSUKB/blob/kb-source-sandbox/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/aspect/statistics/StatisticsTransformer.java#L740">https://github.com/osulibraries/DSpaceOSUKB/blob/kb-source-sandbox/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/aspect/statistics/StatisticsTransformer.java#L740</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; but, I gotta go. Hope you can extract something meaningful from that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; thanks, PeterDietz. I'll try it out, if it works it should be enough to make it work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>