<span class="irc-date">[1:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@bb220-255-224-197.singnet.com.sg) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@bb220-255-224-197.singnet.com.sg) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@bb220-255-224-197.singnet.com.sg) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@bb220-255-224-197.singnet.com.sg) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:54]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:54]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:54]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:54]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-mrmist- [Global Notice] - A reminder that this coming weekend sees our long awaited services upgrade and database prune.  All nicks unused for 150 days or more will be dropped from the database.  Please make sure you have identified to your accounts, and used your grouped nicks. use /msg nickserv info when identified to see yours and thanks for flying freenode!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (a@195.113.97.174) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@cm18.epsilon183.maxonline.com.sg) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@cm18.epsilon183.maxonline.com.sg) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSpace "Office Hours" are starting. Ping me if you have something you'd like to chat about: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~tdonohue/DSpace+Office+Hours">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~tdonohue/DSpace+Office+Hours</a> (In the meantime, I'll be keeping an eye on this channel while I get some other work done)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~kevin@d54C154B1.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* vtkeithg (~vtkeithg@vtkeithg.lib.vt.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, quick reminder that our DSpace Devel Mtg starts here in 10 mins : <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-06-13">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-06-13</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ryscher (ae61f77a@gateway/web/freenode/ip.174.97.247.122) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's that time again. The DSpace Devel Mtg starts now: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-06-13">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-06-13</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@sul272sandbox.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; before we get into JIRA review stuff, first off just wanted to again congratulate our newest committer, helix84!  Glad to have Ivan on the team!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@dhcp-18-111-8-152.dyn.mit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hello everyone, thanks for your support</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; grats again, helix84</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; WElcome!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, with that, we'll head into JIRA reviews: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-1047+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-1047+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1047">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1047</a> ] - [#DS-1047] Reset CC licence on an already submitted item - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-1047+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-1047+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; starting with DS-1047</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1047">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1047</a> ] - [#DS-1047] Reset CC licence on an already submitted item - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i think i noticed someone on the list working on a feature that would allow change the license by re-running an existing item via the submission workflow. but i can't remember more right now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; This seems like one of those things which *should* be a little complex and involved, because changing terms on something already published should be approached thoughtfully.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; One strategy we reuse often for clients is to make it so that Items can be sent back through the submission workflow as part of the review process. Allowing access to CC steps and the like</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Yea, I'm not sure what the exact use case is - is it changing your mind and relicensing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- is that public code? cause that sounds like it'd meet these needs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers -- I could see a potential use case as just being an "undo" (whoops, selected  X license in the submission, when I meant to select Y license.  Now, I cannot fix it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: is the idea that submitter doesn't realize the mistake until item has been installed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ...and the process of retroactively modifying licenses is non-existant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: I can discuss and get back to you, its not much code, more strategy...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, richardrodgers -- e.g someone submitted their thesis quickly to get it in under a deadline (or something), but didn't realize the mistake till it was public.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: Can possibly support as part of the Versioning work.  Versioning is activated as duplicating and sending an Item through submission and review again.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so cases where the wrong CC license was applied could be revisions to the Item</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I guess I'm of the frame of mind that  "In general, DSpace really should support the ability to edit/change anything, even after an item is installed/archived.  People make mistakes, and it'd be nice if we make it easier to correct them"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; ok, but submitter loses access to modifying most everything after submission, why do we single out CC license?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; minting a new item with appropriate CC details and withdrawing the original</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; not trying to single out "CC Licenses"...just a small use case in a much large problem. (which mdiggory is right could potentially be helped by Versioning work)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This is a usecase that Item Versioning solves by allowing original submitters to resubmit changes to an item</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I like the idea of re-review.  Letting submitters unilaterally change things after they've been reviewed and approved doesn't sound right.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. realize I may have brought us off the "architectural deep end" here :)   Do we think this ticket should be recategorized as a sub-ticket on Versioning?  Should it be held for more discussion around whether Items should be changeable after "archived"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, this was one of the original benefits in the design</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think we need to be sure there is consensus on just how permanent installed items should be.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Its a mix... You can classify it as versioning and I'll try to address it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I actually think the change bar should be pretty high - otherwise we compromise our ability to be part of a scholarly record....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; to be clear, I was never meaning to say that submitters should be able to go change all their installed items.  I just meant that *someone* (an admin even) should be able to change any installed item (in an easier fashion)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (in order to correct mistakes that the submitter may have made)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, There are cases where administrative fixes shouldn't create new versions, and cases where they should.  There'll be healthy debate in the community about when/where these are appropriate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory, can you link this ticket over to whatever Item Versioning ticket you have (assuming there is one)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we should also add this discussion into the comments of Ds-1047 (if someone gets to it before I do, please feel free)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, it should be possible to fix mistakes without digging in the database, but it should involve more than one person.  One of the things that makes DSpace IMHO better than much of the Web is precisely that it doesn't change all the time; it only accumulates new stuff.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, I need to create an Umbrella Task</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, Ds-1047 summary: Needs more discussion.  mdiggory will link to an umbrella task around Item Versioning (as it may be covered by that).  Add discussion notes to comments</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. we spent a long while already on just that one ticket (whoops).  So, we will stop the JIRA review there for today and move on, in the essence of time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; CLI code is useful though... we will want to make sure that license changes on an existing item properly behave in submission UI / etc  so the task is good in clarifying requirements with some code samples.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up, the main topic for today is around the "OR12 DSpace Developer Mtg Draft Agenda": <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-09+-+OR12+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-09+-+OR12+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2012-07-09 - OR12 Meeting - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-09+-+OR12+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-09+-+OR12+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Essentially, just wanted to open up the floor here for discussion on how we should reallocate time, and what folks like/don't like, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; already, we had some good feedback from mdiggory that 1 hour may not be enough time for "3.0 Discussions"   (would be interested to hear what others think)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger volunteers to be the official timer for lightning talks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Yes, TIm &amp; I did this as a strawman so there is something to react to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~aschweer@ip-118-90-91-194.xdsl.xnet.co.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, we had an offer from Jonathan Markow (DuraSpace Chief Strategy Officer) to come talk to the group about Fedora Roadmap &amp; DuraSpace strategies &amp; anything about DSpace + Fedora.  Currently that's not listed in the agenda, but we could slot in 1/2 hour if we wanted that discussion to happen.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think that would be a good discussion to happen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue is going to stop typing/talking for a while and listen to your feedback</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'd like to hear that, if it isn't going to be presented elsewhere at OR (like user group)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It may also be presented at a higher level at the Duraspace Plenary before the user groups -- but, this would allow for more of a direct discussion with Jonathan (and he said he'd be willing to join for 1/2 hour or an hour or however long we want.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think its good to have this sort of discussion within the community prior to any big announcements at OR as it will allow for feedback from those in the community with vested interests.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so I think having Jonathan and/or some Fedora interests present for the dialog would be good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it sounds like there is general agreement to have Jonathan attend for Fedora/DuraSpace/DSpace+Fedora discussions.  How long would folks like this session to be?  1/2 hr? 1 hr?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I'd guess it may be tough to fit into 1/2 hr, unless you just had Jonathan speak)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (but, that's just a guess)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Is the Fedora Devs meeting in parallel to this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; maybe an hour, 1/2 for Jonathan, 1/2 for brainstorm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes. The Fedora Devs are meeting in parallel to the DSpace Devs.  Jonathan is going to split his time between the two meetings...he was hoping to hit DSpace in the morning &amp; Fedora later on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; One of my comments was that the Madrid devs meeting dove tailed into a common DSpace/Fedora meeting with social afterwards.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and that was an excellent time for dialog</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Serious geekdome over drinks...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We are scheduling in the social meetup between the DSpace &amp; Fedora Devs (after the respective meetings). We'll all be meeting up at the same pub.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; at the very least, we should synchronize on pubs at end of day</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; at the very least ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 pub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I've already talked with Chris Wilper &amp; we will be meeting up at the same pub as the Fedora Devs.  Robin Taylor has picked out a recommended pub in walking distance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; \me is unable to find drink emoticon...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory is unable to remember its a forwardslash</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Since I won't be anywhere near Scotland, maybe I'll go out the pub at the same time you guys are there, (6pm - 6 hours = noon on a weekday)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; PeterDietz +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Talk about "being there in spirit"....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, does 1/2 hr for Jonathan to talk to the group sound good?  Likely this will be in the morning.  I can also slot in 1/2 hour after that for further DSpace + Fedora discussion (if you want it) -- or you can choose to talk about this later in the day during "Open Discussion" or  similar</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sounds like it could frame the meeting nicely...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue is trying to make it clear that this meeting is 100% yours.  So, definitely let me know if you'd like something changed or different</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think it will be hard not to talk after Jonathan's talk...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, 1hr in the morning for "DuraSpace / Fedora -related" discussions it is then. I'll let Jonathan know as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: morning is good also from the 'dividing' the day into tech/non-tech angle - everyone could hear it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Before we get into what may need to "fall out" of the schedule (from lack of time in a day), I also wanted feedback on the "3.0 Discussions".  Is 1hr enough time? Would folks like more time (as mdiggory mentioned)?  If so, how much more?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; for us, I know that there will be presentations on contributions later in the conference</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So my thoughts are more planning, targets/goals, relevance of specific contributions... new strategies for contribution (Pull requests), social changes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- I see a lot of those topics in the schedule already -- for instance there is 1 hr at the end of the day to discussion "Developer practices" (which is meant to talk about GitHub / pull requests / other developer &amp; contribution workflows)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry, I should have doublechecked... true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Currently, we have essentially 5 hours of available "meeting time" -- the full meeting is 9am-5pm, with 1.5hr lunch &amp; two 15 min breaks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We've identified we want 1hr = DuraSpace / Fedora stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We currently have 1hr = 3.0 Planning &amp; Discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Are there topics of burning interest that *aren't* covered anywhere in the schedule?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1hr = Developer Workflows/Practices (GitHub &amp; the like)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; seems like th 3:$5 Summary and any special topics could fill any gaps if theres more that needs to be discussed about 3.0 planning</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 3:45</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but its short...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; wheres a time dilator when you need it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: you'd need to move really fast for that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: depending on the food, you just might ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yea, I had anticipated that "3:45 - 4pm" Summary timeperiod to just be a time to decide which topics *didn't get discussed enough* and therefore need to have a later "Special Topic Mtg" or similar</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, getting down to it. If we add 1hr for DuraSpace + Fedora discussions, I'm assuming that means we are dropping the "Lightning Talks" and possibly the "Ask a developer anything" sessions.  We just don't have enough time to do all of them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone object to that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I have a really cool visual timer I just picked up, but plan to use that for our talk practicing, so no big deal :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think we *need* to keep the DCAT discussion period (1/2hr).  We probably should keep the "Open Discussion" (but it could be decreased from an hr if need be), just for topics that come up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; All that together means we still only have 1hr for "3.0 Discussions" it sounds like.  Unless something else drops off.  Thoughts?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; maybe make part of introductions an answer to the question "tell us one cool thing you're working on right now"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Remember that the schedule isn't rigid and will inevitably be reworked.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if you bring Jonathan in for 1/2 hour thats going to need space too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- that's part of the "1hr for DuraSpace + Fedora discussions" -- 1/2 hr of that is Jonathan</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; maybe we mix open discussion into the end of lunch?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, the schedule can be reworked on the day-of if you need to.  None of this is set-in-stone :)  I'm just trying to get something that seems "reasonable"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; lunch is 1 1/2 hours</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; having some predictability is nice for folks that might want to drop in...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; in order to make time for what?  That's my big question here that I'm trying to tease out of you all :)  What is missing or needs more time for discussion?  If we can figure that out, I'm sure there's ways to create a schedule around it :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i.e. to all of you, what is the most important thing to get out of this meeting?  &amp; are we currently allocating enough time to that "topic"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; currently, in my head, the schedule looks like this:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1hr = DuraSpace / Fedora (featuring Jonathan)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1/2hr = DCAT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1/2hr = Intros &amp; then the Wrap-Up (15 mins each)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1 hr = 3.0 Stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1hr = Developer Practices &amp; Workflows (GitHub &amp; such)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1hr? = Open Discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (those aren't in order right now, but you get the idea)...in total 5 hrs of active meeting time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I like the ask anything idea, but think it might be better part of the general conference track, or, heck, ask us at the pub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; seems roughly reasonable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, you could always do the "ask anything" over lunch too (not sure how the "provided lunch" is going to happen yet, but Stuart &amp; Robin are supposed to be getting more details posted shortly to that page)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I am actually happy with the coverage and the organization of general in morning vs technical in afternoon. You guys have done good thusfar with the planning tdonohue and richardrodgers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, Ask Anything and Lightning Talk seem like things that have been done in general sessions in past conferences.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, sounds like we have a general plan then :)  I can update the draft schedule &amp; send out an update to the lists based on this discussion. (And get in touch with Jonathan about his part in the morning meeting)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm wondering how successful Lightning talks are...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 mdiggory, tdonohue, that draft schedule looks good to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mdiggory: they can be somewhat affected, but we did want a place where perhaps "non-mainstream" DSpace work could be made visible (in an informal way)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; they seem good when marketing your work to a larger audience. not sure if they are good in a smaller group setting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yea, the original idea that richardrodgers &amp; I brainstormed about "lightning talks" was NOT "show us what you are already talking on later in OR", but rather "show us something cool that you may still be actively working on / not finished, but you want feedback on, etc"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, the idea was much more informal -- it was more like : "hey, look at this cool thing I'm messing around with (that is a total hack).  Anyone else doing something like this, or have ideas on how to make it better"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I do think that in this smaller group, just mentioning what you're working on during intros works, we'll have/make time to show off to those interested later in the conference</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 hpottinger: yea, you may just be able to mention topics of interest / stuff you are working on as you go around the room doing Intros</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I see we are over time already :(  And I know that helix84 was looking for a bit of feedback on DS-1193 today, if we could get to it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1193">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1193</a> ] - [#DS-1193] display bitstream read access permissions on item page - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; sorry, I need to leave -- bye all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes if folks need to leave, it's OK.  I think we are done with the OR12 discussion, but I'm gonna stick around for a quick discussion of DS-1193 for any interested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1193">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1193</a> ] - [#DS-1193] display bitstream read access permissions on item page - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~aschweer@ip-118-90-91-194.xdsl.xnet.co.nz) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; some of my points from the email thread</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I've got to run also - but welcome helix84 !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@dhcp-18-111-8-152.dyn.mit.edu) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 1.) We need to be careful about disclosing groups and users that have permissions such as WRITE and DELETE</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; to the public</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I think that the essential information here is "can *I* get it?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 2.) Its generally good not to make the METS document have to be rerendered for every single request.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so that caching can be effective.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so filtering these in the METS sections based on permissions is a bit heavy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Needs to run, until next time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; 1) In my proposal, that wouldn't be an issue. XMLUI would show only READ access and if it can be done, the METSRights info would be accessible only from localhost (for XMLUI)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~kevin@d54C154B1.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we have the ability to have METS "point" at additional resources that may be protected.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; in techMD sections</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thus we could have separate requests for METS Rights outside the mets document</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or we could just restrict access to METS and DRI remotely.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: adding those separate requests for METSRights though -- isn't that a big overhaul to how XMLUI works?  I think we're looking for "simple" :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not really very hard at all...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its just some sitemap additions and generators.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so what's your idea of be the best approach?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger has to go, will check the transcript later tonight.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Later, taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; both approaches helix and I are proposing are sensible...  the approach I'm being wary of is attempting to filter or modify the results of the METS rendering based on your current permissions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: by current permissions you mean group membership of logged in user?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Hunting for a good word to describe what I mean....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; because of bad impact on caching?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ah yes... Stateless.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so basically, you agree with my A) part, but disagree with my B) part, right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Individual metadata requests should be stateless... DRI is generally not (in some cases it is, but most DRI pipes fail caching)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Oops, I have to go.  'bye!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One clarification on "Problem A)" description, currently you can tell the XMLUI to run *ANY* DSpace Crosswalk just by passing the crosswalk name in as a request param (not just the METSRightsCrosswalk). You could just as easily pass another Crosswalk name in and the XMLUI will run it as it tries to generate the METS</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; true true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (It's both extremely powerful for developers, and also something that likely shouldn't be publicly available to anyone in the world)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; my A) is stateless and suggests restricting access from localhost. my B) is stateful.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so is A) agreeable as-is?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; helix84: I'm not sure if I disagree with B</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm trying to determine the most appropriate manner to capture this detail...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we did create a line in the sand that DRI is more page configuration while METS is the content of an object</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I can say we are already heading down an interesting road with some of our current discovery work, we are filtering Items from results based on users permissions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; what about disabling parameters to METS (the crosswalks) so that it can be cached well and making the crosswalk results accessible separately (with the possibility of restricting them)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so, its not the XSLT tier that this filtering happens, but the Content generation tier</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: yea, I hate that the power of XSLT is so limited in DSpace...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- so, if you filter from results, if you searched while *not logged in* you'd get different results than searching *while logged in*?  Couldn't that be confusing? (Or will it somehow let you know that you should login before searching to get the full results list?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so, lets say I have /metadata/handle/1234.5/6/mets.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and it has technical and descriptive metadata sections that describe</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: it's what google started doing several years ago</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that describe MDRef to other metadata/handle/1234.5/6/rights.xml and so on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; then these xml forms are protected if neccessary</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the presentation of various TechMD, AdmnMD and DescrMD sections could be driven by your crosswalk configuration settings</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; such that the UI would have references to these various representations and XSLT developers could make choices if they do or do not want to traverse the document() method and retrive them for rendering</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this can even apply to the case of rendering citations to enusers in various formats.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; enusers = endusers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yes, that's what i meant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; note, this is similar to our approach for providing Dryad ris and bib citation formats...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Item+Versioning+Support#ItemVersioningSupport-ServicestosupportVersioningandAlternativeIdentifiers.">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Item+Versioning+Support#ItemVersioningSupport-ServicestosupportVersioningandAlternativeIdentifiers.</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Item Versioning Support - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Item+Versioning+Support#ItemVersioningSupport-ServicestosupportVersioningandAlternativeIdentifiers.">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Item+Versioning+Support#ItemVersioningSupport-ServicestosupportVersioningandAlternativeIdentifiers.</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think the important point is that we don't try to render all these representations embedded in METS, that would impact performance, but instead render links to query them independently and be able to manage access controls on them where appropriate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; that would be fine for me, but I'm not able to change the code to do the separation and right management</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I do agree with the whole effort your taking to access this level of detail in the pipeline</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; right now I think we need to not get too bogged down in the access management (we could alter the metadata pipeline to improve access control.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i agree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; After all, it can be done (provisionally) in Apache HTTPD and maybe in Tomcat, too. It's been exposed until now and noone seemed to mind.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Looking more at...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-webapp/src/main/webapp/sitemap.xmap#L431">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-webapp/src/main/webapp/sitemap.xmap#L431</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-webapp/src/main/webapp/sitemap.xmap at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-webapp/src/main/webapp/sitemap.xmap#L431">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-webapp/src/main/webapp/sitemap.xmap#L431</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; At this time, the crosswalks all embed into the mets.xml rendering...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we need something separate...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; and preferably standards-compliant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that interacts via a separate request</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ie.... metadata/handle/*/*/[crosswalk]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, that's what I was saying when I meant this "may not be as easy".  You'd need to rework the current XMLUI METS rendering stuff.  It's possible to do, it just may take some investigation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: is there currently some code in stock DSpace that uses some crosswalk in this way?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Currently the "DSpaceMETSGenerator" in XMLUI handles whether a crosswalk is kicked off or not (and currently by default, only DIM &amp; MODS crosswalks get kicked off by default, unless you pass in more crosswalks as request params)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; in the IdentifierServices work... we shifted this into Spring</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: not really, or not that I can think of off the top of my head</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/xmlui/src/main/java/org/dspace/springmvc/ResourceIdentifierController.java">https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/xmlui/src/main/java/org/dspace/springmvc/ResourceIdentifierController.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt;  @RequestMapping("/resource/{prefix}/{suffix}/citation/ris")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: you said no but you mentioned DIM &amp; MODS - I'm confused</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; DAP View uses Crosswalks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/xmlui/src/main/java/org/dspace/springmvc/DapView.java">https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/xmlui/src/main/java/org/dspace/springmvc/DapView.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh wait, I may have misunderstood your question, helix84...sorry :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: you lost me at Spring</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we could have been a bit more generic in our exposing crosswalks ... parameterizing the path and such</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Spring... you know... green trees and rain...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ...and coffe beans... not my favourite, remember? :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, the way the Crosswalks currently work in the XMLUI is like this....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; pay more attention to the code inside the methods than the framework...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* ryscher peeks in, mutters something about excessive abstraction being the root of all evil, and quickly hurries away</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ha</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (1) You request a path ending in 'mets.xml', and then the DSpaceMETSGenerator is called: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/cocoon/DSpaceMETSGenerator.java">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/cocoon/DSpaceMETSGenerator.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/cocoon/DSpaceMETSGenerator.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/cocoon/DSpaceMETSGenerator.java">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/cocoon/DSpaceMETSGenerator.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this is correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (2) The DSpaceMETSGenerator looks for params passed into the request and then calls the ItemAdapter (the class that actually generates METS for items): <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/objectmanager/ItemAdapter.java">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/objectmanager/ItemAdapter.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/objectmanager/ItemAdapter.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/objectmanager/ItemAdapter.java">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/objectmanager/ItemAdapter.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/objectmanager/ItemAdapter.java#L350">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/objectmanager/ItemAdapter.java#L350</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/objectmanager/ItemAdapter.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/objectmanager/ItemAdapter.java#L350">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/objectmanager/ItemAdapter.java#L350</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (3) The ItemAdapter has several methods which load up DisseminationCrosswalks, including "renderDescriptiveSection()", "renderAdministrativeSection()", etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory just linked to one example in the "renderDescriptiveSection()" method</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; correct, heres the admin method</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/objectmanager/ItemAdapter.java#L472">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/objectmanager/ItemAdapter.java#L472</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/objectmanager/ItemAdapter.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/objectmanager/ItemAdapter.java#L472">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/objectmanager/ItemAdapter.java#L472</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and where things like premis are corsswalked into such sections</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/objectmanager/ItemAdapter.java#L619">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/objectmanager/ItemAdapter.java#L619</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/objectmanager/ItemAdapter.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/objectmanager/ItemAdapter.java#L619">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/objectmanager/ItemAdapter.java#L619</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yep, as mdiggory notes, most of these sections are empty by default (unless you pass in a request param specifying the Crosswalks to add)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i generally understand (which doesn't mean I would be able to make changes - parameter-&gt;url)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We (@mire) did do some things where we add plug-ability to these sections allowing us to inject our own mdWrap/xmlData from addons.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, as I showed, you can get those sections to auto-fill out just by passing Crosswalk names to the appropriate params...if you know the right request param, you can insert any Crosswalk's output into any METS section :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: what do you think about adding external mdRef sections to separate URI to render those sections outside the METS?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think it sounds like a nice idea, but I wonder how you maintain it over time as you add new crosswalks.  We'd need a way to easily enable/disable new crosswalks into sections as appropriate.  But, the idea sounds fine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 is waiting for mdiggory to mention Spring &amp; beans for configuration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, I think there would need to be configuration for what is exposed int he UI same as there si for what is exposed in OAI.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "Spring is the answer to everything!" -- quote attributed to Mark Diggory, 2012</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hey man... now thats gonna get taken out of context....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; "can't beat the simplicity of key = value" ~~helix84, before being murdered by axe</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory where the hell's my axe again?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; gmail.com</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes I unfortunately have to leave shortly... I do like the general direction here though, just be nice to figure out some next steps.  I'll have to check back into this logs later tonight/tomorrow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; opse</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mark, do you happen to have this problem? <a href="http://xkcd.com/477/">http://xkcd.com/477/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ xkcd: Typewriter ] - <a href="http://xkcd.com/477/">http://xkcd.com/477/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 is not amused that Tim approves of the general idea of new commiters being murdered</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ROTFL</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; xkcd for the win :)  Ok, gotta go, I'll catch back up later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; whooops - now that was taken out of context :)  HAHA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; just for the record "I do not approve of committers being murdered by axes" :)  Ok, now really need to head out of here.  have a good one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm still going to use it out of context ;-)  maybe OR12 Developers meeting,  hmmmm, yes, perfect....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; So Mark, I really don't think I'll be able to do those changes (but I approve of them). So what are the next steps? Are you willing to do the parameter-&gt;url transition? Or should I just go ahead with my current code for now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'd say start first with your approach with the parameter... the change later would be that instead of looking in the METS document, that someone need to write a crosswalk transformer or generator to add to  /metadata/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and the xslt code would change a little</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yes, since it would process a different document, the value for each file would need to be stored in a variable in a template processing the crosswalk output and used in the template processing mets</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; however, since there can be multiple bitstreams, I'm not sure how to do that with multiple variables (XSLT doesn't have arrays)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Is the METSRights already specific to the bitstreams?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sure it is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; see my screenshot</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; going back to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://demo.dspace.org/xmlui/metadata/handle/10673/3/mets.xml?rightsMDTypes=METSRIGHTS">http://demo.dspace.org/xmlui/metadata/handle/10673/3/mets.xml?rightsMDTypes=METSRIGHTS</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; off-topic: there's something rotten in the state of demo.dspace.org: qualifier="degreee"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that qualifiers when the student takes 10 years to complete theirs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; there's mets:rightsMD for each bitstream</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; right so in the METS you would still have</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ADMID="rightsMD_file_580_METSRIGHTS"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and the amdSec</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; &lt;mets:rightsMD ID="rightsMD_file_580_METSRIGHTS"&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; &lt;mets:mdWrap MDTYPE="OTHER" OTHERMDTYPE="METSRIGHTS"&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; would be a mets:mdRef</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; wait, AMDID isn't there if the crosswalk isn't requested (currently)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and a URI pointing out to the representation of &lt;RightsDeclarationMD</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; were you thinking of somehow naming the variable based on AMDID?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; (I'm still not sure that's even possible)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ping?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; making you an example</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; &lt;mets:rightsMD ID="rightsMD_file_580_METSRIGHTS"&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt;   &lt;mets:mdRef xlink:href="metadata/handle/1234.5/6/[sequenceid]/[filename.ext]/Rights.xml" LOCTYPE="URL" MDTYPE="OTHER" OTHERMDTYPE="METSRIGHTS"/&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; &lt;/mets:rightsMD&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this would be in the mets.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and this would be at the end of that URL</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; &lt;RightsDeclarationMD xmlns:rights="<a href="http://cosimo.stanford.edu/sdr/metsrights/"">http://cosimo.stanford.edu/sdr/metsrights/"</a> xmlns="<a href="http://cosimo.stanford.edu/sdr/metsrights/"">http://cosimo.stanford.edu/sdr/metsrights/"</a> RIGHTSCATEGORY="LICENSED"&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; &lt;Context CONTEXTCLASS="GENERAL PUBLIC"&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; &lt;Permissions DISCOVER="true" DISPLAY="true" MODIFY="false" DELETE="false"/&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; &lt;/Context&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; &lt;/RightsDeclarationMD&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but I would expect more detail than that....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Actual ResourcePolicies that are better serialized</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yes, that's what we were talking about all the time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think the challenge is that this does make it the XSLT tiers job to properly filter resources based on these permissions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; is the above representation best to accomplish that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; should it be stateless and the XSLT needs to compare the groups assigned tot he User vs the permissions int he xml?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or should the above URI return a set of rights based on the current users state</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; it would be a good representation - if I could only figure out the problem I mentioned of getting information from a template matching "rights" to the template matching "mets" *for multiple bitstreams*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thing is that these.... &lt;Context CONTEXTCLASS="GENERAL PUBLIC"&gt;  are not group names...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yes to the idea of comparing groups, that's what I meant in B)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; group names are elsewhere, wait</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; in the users org.dspace.core.Context...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; in rights:RightsDeclarationMD/rights:Context/rights:UserName</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; well, more precisely in rights:RightsDeclarationMD/rights:Context/rights:UserName[@USERTYPE = 'GROUP']</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; and I'm not even sure if in DSpace you can assign rights to an individual (which would make @USERTYPE = 'INDIVIDUAL' unused)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I see what you mean</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; (what i said about INDIVIDUAL is not a problem, only an observation)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* vtkeithg (~vtkeithg@vtkeithg.lib.vt.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; are you still looking at it or shall we make some conclusion?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ryscher (ae61f77a@gateway/web/freenode/ip.174.97.247.122) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I need to conclude, other projects pulled me away</span><br />
