<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2012-08-22
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[1:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ryscher (~chatzilla@dhcp192.nceas.ucsb.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ryscher (~chatzilla@wsip-72-215-170-58.sb.sd.cox.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ryscher (~chatzilla@wsip-72-215-170-58.sb.sd.cox.net) Quit (Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.88.2 [Firefox 12.0/20120420145725])</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* fasseg (~fas@HSI-KBW-46-223-116-28.hsi.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* fasseg (~fas@HSI-KBW-46-223-116-28.hsi.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi All.  My DSpace "Office Hours" is starting now.  I'll be lurking here while I do some work.  Feel free to ping me if you have any questions/topics to discuss around DSpace.  <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~tdonohue/DSpace+Office+Hours">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~tdonohue/DSpace+Office+Hours</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Office Hours - Tim Donohue - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~tdonohue/DSpace+Office+Hours">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~tdonohue/DSpace+Office+Hours</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepher1 (kim@ec2-184-73-177-234.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ChanServ (ChanServ@services.) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (kim@ec2-184-73-177-234.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp218.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp218.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-tomaw- [Global Notice] Hi all. One of our sponsors has some issues at the moment which resulting in a lack of NickServ, ChanServ and friends.  We're investigating now!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp218.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp218.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* vtkeithg (~vtkeithg@vtkeithg.lib.vt.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vtkeithg&gt; Has anyone worked on http partial content/range requests for DSpace bitstreams?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vtkeithg&gt; or, has anyone found a way to play embedded videos from DSpace in iPads?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:34]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-christel- [Global Notice] Hi all, normal services (harr, see what I did there?) should return momentarily -- unfortunately one of our major sponsors suffered loss of power and a grue had eaten the UPS! Stuff is starting to return and we shall soon be back in business. Thank you for being patient.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi vtkeithg -- searching around a bit.  I don't know of anyone offhand</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vtkeithg&gt; thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; interesting.  Found this commented out section in the XMLUI codebase: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/cocoon/ItemExportDownloadReader.java#L170">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/cocoon/ItemExportDownloadReader.java#L170</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/cocoon/ItemExportDownloadReader.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/cocoon/ItemExportDownloadReader.java#L170">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/cocoon/ItemExportDownloadReader.java#L170</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vtkeithg&gt; hmmm - I hope it's that easy. :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vtkeithg&gt; Suppose I can try it today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no idea if it'll be that easy, to be honest.  Never tried it.  That bit of code just popped up when I search google for "http partial content/range requests, dspace" (without the quotes)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; you could also try asking around on dspace-devel.  I know there have been other folks trying to do some embedded video work with DSpace, but I'm not sure if anyone has anything that works well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vtkeithg&gt; Thanks, Tim.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; you're welcome!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (a@195.113.97.174) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, DSpace Devel Mtg is in approx 10 mins.  Agenda today is basically 3.0 stuff : <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-08-22">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-08-22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2012-08-22 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-08-22">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-08-22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C154B1.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Hi everybody</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vtkeithg&gt; hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~chatzilla@host216-210-dynamic.37-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome.  It's time for our weekly DSpace Developer Mtg: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-08-22">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-08-22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2012-08-22 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-08-22">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-08-22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Today we'll be concentrating on 3.0 tasks again (since we are nearing our "Submission Deadline" and "Feature Freeze")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First off though, I wanted to remind everyone that the 3.0 Submission Deadline is this Friday (Aug 24).  Any code that is not submitted by then (preferrably via Pull Request) will NOT be considered for 3.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (The only exception would be if you've talked with the 3.0 Release Team and they've given you an extension for whatever reason)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (~chatzilla@host216-210-dynamic.37-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~chatzilla@host216-210-dynamic.37-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If there are any questions on the "Submission Deadline" let us know.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hmm...noticing we seem to have a "smallish" crowd today, especially in terms of Release Team members... Hopefully we'll have others pop in along the way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (~chatzilla@host216-210-dynamic.37-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; just clarification, feature freeze means no new features after the deadline, but any bug-fixes (related or unrelated to a Pull Request) are allowed in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One question to ask.  Does anyone have any code that is still planning to be submitted via a Pull Request (before Friday)?  Anything we need to keep in mind in the coming days</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~chatzilla@host216-210-dynamic.37-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Correct, PeterDietz.  Thanks for correcting my typing :)  We're talking about now new features.  Bug fixes (via pull requests or otherwise) are free to continue to be submitted all the way up until the final weeks/days of 3.0 release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yes, i have two pieces coming up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; one is DS-1084</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; (checking irclogs as I have had trouble with my internet connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1084">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1084</a> ] - [#DS-1084] Handle authority and confidence fields in Bulk Editing - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; and the other one is the combined LDAP auth</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, good to know helix84.  Any concerns about getting the code submitted by Friday?  Or is everything looking like it should be ready on time?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I have some other contributions that we (CILEA) want to share but we are not able to meet the deadline</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; well, the code is out there in jira, i just need to finish testing and make the pull requests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i�ve had only minor bumps on the road</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, sounds good, helix84</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; can I ask a question  about DS-1084?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1084">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1084</a> ] - [#DS-1084] Handle authority and confidence fields in Bulk Editing - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: you are still welcome to share code after the 3.0 deadline.  It's just much more likely that we'd suggest releasing the code as a "third-party addon" (i.e. installed separate from DSpace)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i found another smallis issue today - command line options to create-administrator could be rewritten in a more sane way (see today's dspace-tech thread). I'd do it but I'll be concentrating on these two + XOAI, so if anyone has some free time before friday, you might want to take a look.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; if your question is a quick one, bollini, you are welcome to ask it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; tdonohue: oh yes I know, but there is much appeal to contribute something if this will go in an official release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: I'm listening</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; also note that crazy people like me sometimes like to mix and match and run unofficial code, so do share it, who knows, I may run it in production :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: do you know if there is a way to ask the CVS import to check for a best match using the authority plugin?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini -- if there's something you really want to see in the official release, you should either try to meet the deadline or email dspace-release list about getting an extension (i.e. if the code is small or contained enough, there can be exceptions to the deadline. But you need to ask first)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: i have to answer mu. that question doesn't make sense. there's no code choosing anything during import, it just takes what you specify and puts it into the DB.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i's you have this field: "Bollini, Andrea::xyz123123132::600"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: now if you import a metadata that is authority controlled, the code call the "simple" addMetadata methods that internally  call the getBestMatch of the authority plugin so there is a chance that the values in CSV are changed to match values taken from the authority list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bollini: It would also seem appropriate that we have (1) a curation task, (2) a consumer and/or (3) a CLI command that would attempt to refine authority values for configured fields.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; it puts a record into the metadatavalue table columns text_value, authority, confidence</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i haven't tested with an authority plugin, in my case that gets done outside dspace :/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we should have a way to reproduce current behavior (like Bollini, Andrea::auto)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; but ask Keiji, he'll know</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; of course, it's backwards compatible, so if there are no ::, it works like before</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; you can have it on one line and not on another</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but I'll also note that, this seems more like application logic and not actual alteration of the item... meaning, one would probibly want something more like a report or "advice" that might later be actionable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; but we also need the inverse... we need to be able to force value without authority</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: you have that in the submission process. the purpose of BME is to automate stuff.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: like i said, you can do that. you can remove authority that way, too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Starting to wonder if we're kinda heading off on a large side-discussion.  Should we move these brainstorms/questions/suggestions over to the DS-1084 ticket itself?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1084">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1084</a> ] - [#DS-1084] Handle authority and confidence fields in Bulk Editing - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; helix84: but also the puropse of Reviewer workflow is to address such issues as well, an Ideal Configurable Workflow step might be to address authority mappping recommendations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: I think we just have a misunderstanding here. It works the way I think it should.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm glad to see it works the way you think it should...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I suggest moving the conversation/questions over to Ds-1084, that way helix84 and keiji can help clarify how it works and make sure there's no implementation concerns</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: if you had a row with authority and overwrite it with a value in CSV without authority (without ::), it will remove the authority information from DB, keeping just the text_value</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: this is not the current behavior. Currently an automatic check will be performed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, moving discussion back over to the current 3.0 Submissions list.  Are there specific new features we'd like to talk about here today &amp; potentially vote on?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: a check of what?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: we can continue in PM if you wish</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 &amp; bollini -- I suggest moving your side conversation over to #dspace if you want to continue right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ok tim</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; asking again: Are there specific new features we'd like to talk about here today &amp; potentially vote on?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I need to know what the community think about the discovery porting to JSPUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; DS-1217 DS-1218</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1217">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1217</a> ] - [#DS-1217] DSpace Discovery for JSPUI - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1218">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1218</a> ] - [#DS-1218] BrowseDAO based on discovery - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; pull request exist for both</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I will attempt to review in the comming days bollini !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks KevinVdV, we'd definitely appreciate your input/thoughts, since I know you are the Discovery expert ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok, I suggest to start with DS-1218</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1218">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1218</a> ] - [#DS-1218] BrowseDAO based on discovery - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sands (~sandsfish@66-189-8-168.dhcp.oxfr.ma.charter.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I'm also confident that the solr browse provider will be aware of the access right (you recent improvements) - or it will be easy to update</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; Hi all, sorry to be late but I've been getting freenode errors for half an hour.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think the big question is if we really want to have two separate API for querying</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I big question that I have is: should the 3.0 move discovery to be the standard setup for dspace (I think so)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Browse vs Discovery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mdiggory: agree, I think that in the long run we should rethink about the browse and move to only one api (Discovery)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sands: [19:34] -christel- [Global Notice] Hi all, normal services (harr, see what I did there?) should return momentarily -- unfortunately one of our major sponsors suffered loss of power and a grue had eaten the UPS! Stuff is starting to return and we shall soon be back in business. Thank you for being patient.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think my question is similar to mdiggory's -- I notice in pull #67 (<a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/67/files)">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/67/files)</a> that the idea is to add new "browseDAO.class" configs to dspace.cfg, which seems slightly odd to me <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/67/files#L7R859">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/67/files#L7R859</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Request #67: [READY FOR REVIEW] DS-1218 BrowseDAO based on discovery by abollini · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/67/files)">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/67/files)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Our Discovery work seeks to have Brwse capabilities as a subset of its functionality, but we did not want to be tied to the original Browse design</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Request #67: [READY FOR REVIEW] DS-1218 BrowseDAO based on discovery by abollini · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/67/files#L7R859">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/67/files#L7R859</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; IF we are going to have DAO, they should be configured in the Spring Context of the  ServiceManager</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'll just note we do not have the counter points to this argument because rrodgers is absent today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, rrodgers would have good feedback here :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I guess one other point might be, does the BrowseDAO work provide eventual stepping stones to migrating to a pure discovery based solution?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; IE, did we want to back Browse with Discovery, or conversely, do a legacy Discovery that was Browse/DSQuery based, but limited in functionality</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory leans to choose that which we have code for now....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; well, the pull request is there, so its in the list, I'd recommend further time for feedback</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; the current implementation is a legacy implementation that is limited in functionality</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; (ie no number of items in author browse)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I feel like we're drifting into another topic around whether Discovery should replace DB-based browse (or be the default option) -- which to me is a separate decision from whether JSPUI should also use Discovery.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; but, browse is used in other place in dspace other than browsing (item map, withdrawn, recent submission - jspui onlu)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; tdonohue: yes solr browse is separated from the jspui discovery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue:  I agree, but there is one last followup to bollini</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; in a DDD approach, one might recommend that these queries should be part of the DOmain Model / API</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I like the idea to move dspace to a default setup where we use SOLR for all (search: discovery XMLUI/JSPUI, browse)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; However, if we should want to discuss or even vote on whether Discovery should become the "default option" in 3.0, then I'd suggest we may want to bring that up in a more public forum first (e.g. dspace-devel).  I'd welcome the discussion, but I think it should be more public than our "smallish" group that we have today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Item.query(QueryPattern q); where QueryPattern might be something like Withdrawn Items, with sort and fitler options</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ChanServ (ChanServ@services.) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; tdonohue: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Should we kick off a broader discussion / vote on Discovery becoming the "Default browse/search" for 3.0?  I'm willing to help do that if we feel that's a good route to take.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Such Query Patterns would generally reside on the "Repository" object for Item.  In our current design, those are the static methods... find(...)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mdiggory: I think that go ahead of a small step is better than do nothing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: I think that should happen in devel....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bollini: I can agree to that...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: broader discussion (prolly devel): +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mdiggory: yes, I agree with you probably we should rethink about the API in a DDD way, but this is much more complex that fix our current system to use the technology that we have chosen for the future</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; true, it is out of scope for this dialog / dspace version</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; just my point of view here - I didn't put discovery to production when it was introduced in 1.7, only in 1.8. Since Discovery/JSPUI is new, I'd wait with setting it as default after it received some wide exposure and testing. Just my 2c.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; there are some further items we'd like to put out here for 3.0 today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; having a SOLR browse DAO will help in several way: 1) better performance, 2) one central point of failure to check/understand (also avoiding conflict result from search and browse), 3) new features (right awareness)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, let's move along from Discovery then.  Go ahead mdiggory.  (I'll start up a Discovery "as default" discussion thread on dspace-devel later this week)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; [DS-1194]  [DS-1243]  [DS-1130]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1194">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1194</a> ] - [#DS-1194] Item Level Versioning - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1243">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1243</a> ] - [#DS-1243] @mire solr statistics contribution - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1130">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1130</a> ] - [#DS-1130] Create controlled vocabulary support for the XMLUI. - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; These three have pull requests as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; do you have pull request links?  They aren't in the JIRA tickets</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Only item level seems to be missing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I'll ad it asap</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/72">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/72</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Request #72: [DS-1194] Atmire dspace 3.0 versioning contribution by KevinVdV · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/72">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/72</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, here's item level: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/72">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/72</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Request #72: [DS-1194] Atmire dspace 3.0 versioning contribution by KevinVdV · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/72">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/72</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/69">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/69</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Request #69: [DS-1243] @mire solr statistics contribution by KevinVdV · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/69">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/69</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/71">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/71</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Request #71: [DS-1130] Controlled vocabulary support for the XMLUI by KevinVdV · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/71">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/71</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Allright they should all have pull requests attached !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, since we need to start somewhere...let's start at DS-1194 feedback</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1194">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1194</a> ] - [#DS-1194] Item Level Versioning - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue realizes we cannot do too big of a deep review here.  But, if we can locate a few volunteers to look more deeply in coming days, that'd be good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Item LEvel Versioning support introduces the ability to version the Item/Bundle/Bitstream aggregates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I'm sorry, I'm having trouble with my internet connection so I was missed your previous comments (checking now the irclogs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: i understand it creates a new item for each version, right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- is Item Level Versioning compatible with AIP Backup &amp; Restore? (just wondering if there's work to be done there in coming weeks)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; New Versions are completely new Items with BitstreamStorageManager contents conserved across Bitstream object versions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: there is testing work that will need to be done.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; one should be able to backup and restore separate versions, however, it may be the case that, unless internal bitstream ids are preserved in the AIP, the BitstreamStorageManager may not be able to reintroduce the same level of conservation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; internal ids are not guarranteed preserved by AIPs.  Just the "external" IDs (handles) are preserved/restored.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we will also need to confirm that the version history is restored and/or preserved in some manner, there may still be some small work on that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep. would require some further analysis for sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: I'm critical about the treatment of internal ID's in Bitstreams</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (note: this doesn't make me against this feature though -- personally, I'd *love* to see some versioning in DSpace.  Just need more time to review this)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-mquin- [Global Notice] Services are back now but may be a little slow while everthing settles down. Thank you for your patience, and for flying freenode!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; mdiggory, how is history persisted?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm not convinced that this data should be hidden and that its important that it be preserved so that a BitstreamStorageManager could reconstitute an identical result on restoration.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; version history is persisted in its own table at this time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this was intended to assure that there is data integrity across all of the versioning system</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if it were stored in the metadata, edits to the metadata could break the version history</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/72/files#L43R792">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/72/files#L43R792</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Request #72: [DS-1194] Atmire dspace 3.0 versioning contribution by KevinVdV · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/72/files#L43R792">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/72/files#L43R792</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and likewise, they "alter" the previous item in the process of creating the new item, which isn't ideal</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes helix84, that shouldn't be there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; makes sense.  I'm assuming that each Item Version is not duplicating unchanged objects (e.g. an unchanged Bitstream may be linked to from multiple Item versions)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: how so?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; wait, helix84 are you referring th=o the pom change?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 is linking to the versionhistory table definition</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; no, just pinting sands to the table definition</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; s/pinting/pointing/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; helix84 meant to say: no, just pointing sands to the table definition</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; oh, I'm getting the whole diff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, I did notice odd dspace-api/pom.xml changes that may have crept into this pull request accidentally</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; helix thanks.  mdiggory, that makes sense.  was there any thinking already done about how to persist that (history) across repositories?  like a codec type situation where it is reconstituted if the destination is a 3.0+ DSpace repo?  just curious. don't think it's a requirement.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, the next merge will correct that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Tdonohue: those changes are needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; We wrote unit tests for the versioning &amp; because of this we needed a running DSpace kernel in the unit tests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Hence we needed to move the dspace.cfg file in the dspace dir used for testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I hate to ask, but how does this Item Versioning affect all other iterfaces?  I notice most of the code is XMLUI.  What happens in the JSPUI / OAI / SWORD?  Or will that require further testing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; s/iterfaces/interfaces/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; tdonohue meant to say: So, I hate to ask, but how does this Item Versioning affect all other interfaces?  I notice most of the code is XMLUI.  What happens in the JSPUI / OAI / SWORD?  Or will that require further testing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry, internal dialog..... I'm back</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: the objective of versioing is currently that it is a manual process initiated by the UI user</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes we're obviously heading into "overtime" here.  If you have to head out, feel free.  I'm gonna stick around here a bit longer though to better understand this work.  I'd also suggest that folks start to help us review Pull Requests (<a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls),">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls),</a> esp. those that may be of interest to your or your institution.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The current functionality uses the XMLUI,  Items should still be viewable in JSPUI and other interfaces, however, at the moment these interfaces cannot spawn new versions of items</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I can check the JSPUI side and make the necessary addition for support versioning in jspui starting from September if needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bollini: that would be beneficial</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; +1 to everyone reviewing pull requests.  The RT will do its best but we want everyone's eyes and feedback on these contributions to the extent that people have time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'd like to quickly move to <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/69">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/69</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Request #69: [DS-1243] @mire solr statistics contribution by KevinVdV · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/69">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/69</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sands -- i'd highly recommend sending a note to dspace-commit even to ask for help too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; tdonohue: i'll definitely do that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I want to suggest to be flexible with the deadline especially in case like this where new code could be needed to restore parity between interfaces</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we have a concern in relation to PeterDietz work on elasticsearch based stats</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; mdiggory: i read your critiques earlier today.  thanks for all of the excellent analysis work there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thank KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; No problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; KevinVdV thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/63">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/63</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Request #63: DS-1241 Statistics implementation in Elastic Search by peterdietz · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/63">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/63</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Much of this are quick and easy fixes, that probably should have been done the way mentioned by kevin/mark in the first place, but I appreciate the feedback in catching them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Our concern is that we want make sure that any conflicts are resolved between the two solutions so that new features we bring into stats fit well with those in PeterDietz work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Thats another of the points. There is common interaction between both pieces (solr / es), so Solr needs to go in first, then I'll update ES to accomodate those changes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I want to revert my comments last week that we should attempt to integrate each solution behind a single statistics API</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think, similar to the BrowseDAO work, we should start with separate solutions in 3.0 and see if we find some parity for a future release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think the important concern is... in a bullet point about halfwaydown the comment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We noticed a lot of code has been added to the solr StatisticsTransformer that isn't used (perhaps some left overs ? We recommend shifting changes out of Statistics Transformer and possibly creating a separate aspect for the time being).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Each solution should probably be a completely separate aspect with separate code, including transformers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; The un-used code is from this being cloned from OSU's repo, we have a snazy dashboard, that I haven't contributed to DSpace. I'll trim it out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I just want to note here, that I'm slightly worried about how to explain the differences between the Solr Statistics and the Elastic Search Statistic, which one to use in which scenario and how to switch between them (if that's even possible).  This seems like it could require a lot of 3.0 Documentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Great Peter Dietz !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (Note: I'm not saying it's not possible...just noting that I think it has the potential to be a big confusion point amongst users)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; a really noob question from me to PeterDietz: does ES require installing some external software? (like Discovery requires Solr) Or will it be a part of the DSpace distribution already?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So I think the final request is can we accept 69 before 63?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm nervous about forcing all stats-data to go into unified stats. For 3.0 we'll get both solutions working independently, For 3.1, we can refactor these to use a common data object / common display UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz : 3.1 is bug fixes only.  No api changes would be allowed unless they are a bug fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; You'd have to wait for 4.0 to do major refactoring</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I did a bit of an overhaul to the code to make it so no additional services will need to be running. I.e. elasticsearch has a node that lives inside of DSpace's tomcat JVM</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; 3.0.0 vs 3.0.1 vs 3.1.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We'd probibly need that much time anyhow....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Perhaps I'm not following proper number scheme</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; PeterDietz: how much memory does it eat (order of MB)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 3.0, 3.1 , 3.2, 4.0, 4.1 , 4.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz: there's no such thing as "3.0.1" anymore.   The new numbering scheme is 3.0, 3.1 (bug fix only), 3.2 (bug fix only), 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; 142.28 Petabytes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; umm, how much JVM memory...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 142.28 Dinobiscuits</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; :p</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mdiggory's probably right, in order to get the refactoring right, 4.0 (one year out) is what it would take, thus I predict :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hpottinger as spoken, and thus it is so</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I have it in the code, but need to add it to the configs, but you can easily change your ES architecture, to make DSpace use a seperate server for Elastic Search</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Does this introduce ES as a default dependency in the build?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we need to think about this in relation to the maven project consolidation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Its options are LocalClient (runs everything inside tomcat's JVM), NodeClient (lives in tomcat's JVM, but can talk to neighbor nodes), TransportClient (talks over IP to another server for all ES traffic)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if most of dspace-stats gets rolled into dspace-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and/or we do stats-solr and stats-es</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I do realize that I didn't know how to have applicationContext.xml conditionally fire events to Elastic Search if its enabled or not.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; which reminds me that MPC is probably a special request to be put up after the PR deadline this friday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; PeterDietz: I think we need to fix th use of those separate spring application context definitions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; MPC? PR?  mdiggory is now talking in code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; blip zurp ding</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I don't know MPC, Mark's PC?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, guessing PR = "Pull Request"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Maven Project Consolidation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; chaching</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; PeterDietz: are you referring to....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-webapp/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/spring/applicationContext.xml">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-webapp/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/spring/applicationContext.xml</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-webapp/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/spring/applicationContext.xml at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-webapp/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/spring/applicationContext.xml">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-webapp/src/main/webapp/WEB-INF/spring/applicationContext.xml</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; sorry, need to go... I will read the transcription tomorrow. Good Night</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- yes, the maven project consolidation should be put forward as a special request (even before friday, if you get the chance).  I think most folks seemed in favor, but we just need to give a final stamp &amp; make sure we get it scheduled.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; yep, that one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt;     &lt;!-- Inject the Default LoggerUsageEventListener into the EventService  --&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt;     &lt;bean class="org.dspace.statistics.SolrLoggerUsageEventListener"&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt;         &lt;property name="eventService" &gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt;             &lt;ref bean="dspace.eventService"/&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt;         &lt;/property&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt;     &lt;/bean&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; PeterDietz: yea, this should be gotten rid of....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt;     &lt;!-- Elastic Search --&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt;     &lt;bean class="org.dspace.statistics.ElasticSearchLoggerEventListener"&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt;         &lt;property name="eventService"&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt;             &lt;ref bean="dspace.eventService" /&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; I've unfortunately got to bow out as well.  Talk to you all off channel.  Cheers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt;         &lt;/property&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt;     &lt;/bean&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sands (~sandsfish@66-189-8-168.dhcp.oxfr.ma.charter.com) Quit (Quit: sands)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (~chatzilla@host216-210-dynamic.37-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) Quit (Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.88.2 [Firefox 14.0.1/20120713134347])</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; (my PR makes ES come in)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the loggers should instead be configured in...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; re the MPC timing, I think the timing was discussed during OR12 dev mtg, yes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/master/dspace/config/spring">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/master/dspace/config/spring</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace/config/spring at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/master/dspace/config/spring">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/master/dspace/config/spring</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: may have been -- I wasn't there :)  If something was decided then, that's fine. Just be good to make sure we all know what that something was :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; then you can enable/disable the loggers in the config directly, not have to override the files in the webapp overlay</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this is just old design that needs to get tossed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-09+-+OR12+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-09+-+OR12+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2012-07-09 - OR12 Meeting - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-09+-+OR12+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-09+-+OR12+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is there anything left needing feedback from all of us?  Noticing this is turning into mdiggory &amp; PeterDietz discuss details (which is fine).  Just want to make sure we take advantage of folks who are still here if we need to.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Well if we still have time: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1130">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1130</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [#DS-1130] Create controlled vocabulary support for the XMLUI. - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1130">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1130</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; "Mark Diggory would like to do some Maven restructuring/refactoring, which makes the most sense to do as part of the RC release process, post-feature-freeze, so as to minimize the impact on active development."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1130">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1130</a> ] - [#DS-1130] Create controlled vocabulary support for the XMLUI. - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; A smaller contribution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: I think my question here was what does "post-feature-freeze" mean?  Do we want to set a more specific deadline to ensure we have time to do a bit of basic tests before 3.0RC1?   Also, I notice that statement says "Mark Diggory would *like* to do...", which I wasn't sure if that implied it gathered widespread approval yet or not?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (To be clear though, I'm +1 this maven project consolidation.  I just wasn't sure if it still needed an official vote or not?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I thought we already discussed MPC and it got more or less aproved</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I do like that Controlled Vocabulary becomes an API object...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; suggests it may be eventually integrated with the DSpace data model more formally</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, maybe I'm remembering wrong.  I do remember discussing it, I just didn't really recall a vote on MPC.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: PeterDietz: yes but at the time we didn't have two different deadlines for features and final work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, that's true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think my main point here is that we (all committers) need to know when MPC is going to *happen* (i.e. actual work is going on), so we aren't doing something else (e.g. bug fixes, etc) at the same time.  MPC is a huge change and it needs planning/scheduling</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm about halfway through a note to dspace-release asking for clarification of timing on MPC work, figured I'd say something before I hit send</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; well, theres a pull request in existence, if the work continues on it, we should be considered in by friday...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its just broken due to staleness...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- right. I think you misunderstand.  I agree that MPC can be considered for 3.0.  I just want us to careful plan out the date that someone *merges* that work in Master, as that date has the potential to affect everyone who is doing anything else in Master</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; just consider it last on the list of PR to be commited by the final date</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i.e. the date that MPC gets merged into Master is the date that all other "open" pull requests will become "stale"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its pretty much that case with most PR already... its only if completely separate files were touched that the PR seem to stay automajically mergable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; right, I agree.  just noting that MPC has the potential to touch nearly every file in the codebase (i.e. a lot gets moved around).  So, we need to warn the Committers in advance.  It'd be nice to say something like..."Warning MPC will be merged on Sept 14. Make sure you are prepared!"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; One last topic... do we want to start using the milestone classification on the pull requests? we could have a couple mielstones for the PR and classify / order them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; its getting to be lots of things, with potentially different deadlines. i.e 3.0, and then if anything gets bumped to post-3.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: I'm fine with using "milestones" to correspond to DSpace versions.  I know there are likely some PRs that will get bumped to "4.0"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I just don't know yet where to make one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, actually we may not be able to use github "milestones" as we don't use the Release Tracking feature of GitHub ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, I gotta go, will send this note to dspace_release and check in later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; s/Release Tracking/Issue Tracking/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; tdonohue meant to say: Oh, actually we may not be able to use github "milestones" as we don't use the Issue Tracking feature of GitHub ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; jira already have milestones</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 -- yea, I agree. I think the reason folks wanted the milestones in GitHub was just to avoid having a giant "bucket" of pull requests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ok, sounds like we need to "hack" for now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; there's a lot of duplicate functionality and we're already facing the "jira or github" problems already (e.g. with comments)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Maybe we just put in PR description or title</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Later, taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, helix84 I agree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; on a related note, could we have {RFR] instead of [REQUEST FOR REVIEW] and [DONE] instead of [COMPLETED]?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; just keeping the PR titles shoty</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; short</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We could just use the "mdiggory hack way" and prefix PR's with "[RESCHEDULED]" as needed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Needs to run ! Until next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I personally don't like the "[COMPLETED]" or "[DONE]" labels...I think they should be replaced by "[RFR]", as no pull request is ever *done* until it's been reviewed &amp; merged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sounds good...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C154B1.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit:  HydraIRC -&gt; <a href="http://www.hydrairc.com">http://www.hydrairc.com</a> &lt;- Po-ta-to, boil em, mash em, stick em in a stew.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; right, i didn't like it either</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; KevinVdV: tdonohue the CV work seems small, do we need a vote on it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; what does that leave us with?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Controlled Vocab work is just a port of existing functionality to XMLUI, in which cause I'm assuming it wouldn't need a vote unless there's anything that really could be controversial in it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue:  I agree... those labels would be removed before accepting anyhow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I unfortunately have to run...will need to catch up later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; introduction of gson... but that seems a beneficial feature for the recommendations to PeterDietz work as well...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; With the CV work, if one other committer takes a glance at it, then I think it'd be OK to put in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (i.e. everything should get a few sets of eyes, but not everything needs a formal vote)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. gotta go. bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; bye!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm happy with GSON, I'm already using it in ES somewhere</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kompewter: you never get to leave....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; PeterDietz: cool...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; can you look over CV?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; That looks like PR#71</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; yep, I can check it out. Also, thank you (and probably mostly Kevin) for the analysis of ES stats. There's lots of goodies to fix.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm out. Its stop-being-at-work time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, theres some good stuff there already, and a some point... ES based Discovery will also be quite interesting....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; P.S. Completely unrelated to anything, but Pres Obama was in Columbus yesterday, and the entourage completely shutdown everything for a moment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; It was a suprise visit too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Did you try to see him?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Anyhow... back to work on this end....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I was able to see the back of his head as his limo passed. He went to some first-week-of-school-assembly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; My wife (currently pregnant), said if he comes back to town, and we're stuck in the car during labor, and we're forced to birth in the car, then she's voting for Romney.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ok, out.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* helix84 (a@195.113.97.174) Quit (Quit: helix84)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>