<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Asger (~abr@nat.statsbiblioteket.dk) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@nd-66-205-169-147.nat.nd.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@nd-66-205-169-147.nat.nd.edu) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@nd-66-205-169-147.nat.nd.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@nd-66-205-169-147.nat.nd.edu) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Asger (~abr@nat.statsbiblioteket.dk) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (a@195.113.97.174) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamatis (4f6bbf9b@gateway/web/freenode/ip.79.107.191.155) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; Hi everyone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hi kostas</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~chatzilla@host108-61-dynamic.7-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hi everyone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i believe we should just have started the DevMtg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Sands told me today he's coming and will moderate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; but maybe we should start with some status updates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sands (~sandsfish@18.189.124.118) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i'd like to ask Andrea how are the EKT issues doing regarding adressing his concerns</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; Hey alll, apologies for being late.  Dealing w/ some tech issues on this end.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I hope to take a look closer to the last update tomorrow or the day after</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sands (~sandsfish@18.189.124.118) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; looking to the comments and fast scroll the diff it looks fine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; the main issues will be some conflict with my discovery jspui porting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; EKT: Remaining issues with comments not addressed are: DS-1226, DS-1237 and DS-1238</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1226">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1226</a> ] - [#DS-1226] Batch import from basic bibliographic formats (Endnote, BibTex, RIS, TSV, CSV) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1237">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1237</a> ] - [#DS-1237] Support date ranges in advance search - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1238">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1238</a> ] - [#DS-1238] Display advance search form after an advance search  - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; But we are hoping all of them are resolved due Friday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ok, andrea, if some of the issues already fixed your concerns, can you clear them and merge them?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; btw thank you for taking them up!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sands (~sandsfish@18.189.124.118) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: ok, can I rebase for kstamatis or is it better than he do it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: step back ... do we need to rebase all the contribution right? 1 single commit to the master</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: that's only a technical detail, i guess both are fine. if kstamatis does it, he can update the existing pull request. you'd have to open a new one (or he'd have to pull the branch for you and force-push it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: it's not a requirement but it makes the history a lot clearer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: if that's the only blocker feel free to skip it, there was no discussion about that yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sands: i'm trying to use the time while you get online, feel free to take over at any time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: if I do the rebase and open a new pull request what about authorship information ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: in a rebase, that's preserved if you do a squash, it depends on the one commit you choose to squash to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; s/preserved/preserved. /</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; helix84 meant to say: bollini: in a rebase, that's preserved.  if you do a squash, it depends on the one commit you choose to squash to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; I believe I'm on a stable connection now.  Does anyone have any issues they'd like to prioritize or shall we work from the same list as last week that lists open issues.  (Can't find the URL howeverâ€¦  Bueller?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; Please feel free to finish current conversations of course.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+3.0+Tasks">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+3.0+Tasks</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 3.0 Tasks - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+3.0+Tasks">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+3.0+Tasks</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; thx helix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: ok, so I need to squash on the first kstamatis commit. If I have any issue I will try to get help from you :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: sure, glad to help. again, it's not a requirement, so if it's the only blocker, just skip it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: we can talk after the DevMth if you prefer IRC, or email me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: ok, I will send you an email if needed. Thanks again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sands: do you remember where we ended up in the task list?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 checking last log</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; Thanks Helix, not sure of the exact one, but yes we should jump to the ones that got the short end of the stick last time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i believe we ended on my DS-1078</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1078">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1078</a> ] - [#DS-1078] Assign users in LDAP group to DSpace group on login - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; I believe we were skipping bugs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; in short, i have some minir improvements ready, still have to test them, keeping backwards compatibility in mind</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sands: yes, we are. bug fixes can go in at any time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; (that's the only reason why we're skipping them AFAIK)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; helix (and anyone), any additional notes on how to best test new features would be a huge help for Test-A-Thon time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sands: that's a huge topic, i'd rather not go into that now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; So after the LDAP item, it's all bugs and docs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; I'll put in here that I've started to review the internationalization concerns that were raised on dev this week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; My hope is that we can make an exception and get them into this release since it is a good feature set and has been delayed (as noted) 4 releases now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; They need to be turned into pull requests for now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; *one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; But I'm concerned about the work it'll take to get them from their original 1.5.2 state up to today's codebase.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; We'll see.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i made a mistake looking at the log</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; the next issue should have been DS-1223</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; If anyone has any comments on the two items that were raised for internationalization, I'll appreciate any input.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1223">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1223</a> ] - [#DS-1223] Display frequencies of items in single browsing for selected indices - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; about DS-1223 can anyone fast test it on oracle?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1223">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1223</a> ] - [#DS-1223] Display frequencies of items in single browsing for selected indices - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; not i, unfortunately.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; me neither</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; Ok, if anyone (reading these notes) can, I will appreciate (please add comment to the JIRA issue) otherwise I will do it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I can test on oracle</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; bollini: are you satisfied with the state of this request, outside of the oracle testing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; sands: I think yes (but I haven't yet checkout the code)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; ok, thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; tomorrow I will add a comment to the jira issue with the result of my test on postgres</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; Next up is:  <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1225">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1225</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [#DS-1225] Show display values for controlled vocabularies in Item Page - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1225">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1225</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1225">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1225</a> ] - [#DS-1225] Show display values for controlled vocabularies in Item Page - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: i just wanted to make one thing clear today - i think we're all assuming you'll review the EKT issues because you raised the most concerns (which means you reviewed them the most), so we probably expect you to take care of merging them. is that OK with you?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: yes I will do the merge of all the EKT contribution that I have assigned to me (just one or two aren't)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: grazie mille</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; you are welcome</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; yes, thank you much for that.  it is no small amount of work!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; so bollini, same question on this one.  do you feel it's ready to be merged?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; as for 1225, I think so need to test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; next up are 1225, 1231 and 1217, we rely on bollini on them all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; do you have any comments or can we move on, in the sake of time?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; tomorrow I hope to close (mark) all the already fixed EKT issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; excellent</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ok, next one is PeterDietz's DS-1241</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1241">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1241</a> ] - [#DS-1241] Statistics implementation in Elastic Search - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; PeterDietz how are we looking on this one?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; there was some heavy discussion with mdiggory, how did that turn out?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I haven't addressed the portion about themes with this feature</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 noting that #67 marked as requirement for this has been merged meanwhile</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Since people can use any theme with DSpace (as opposed to reference), I need to programatically pull in the JS/CSS needed for elastic stats.. Without pulling in a theme</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ok, great that #67 was resolved, that does require some changes here to get the searches filtered out fo the usage events</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; PeterDietz: I know we don't require feature-duality between JSPUI and XMLUI, therefor I assume we shouldn't require it among individual XMLUI themes, either</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; PeterDietz: I mean to say, I for one, think it's fine to support only one theme and maybe include other later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; Agreed there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; Ok, looks like that one's on track.  Next is DS-1243.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1243">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1243</a> ] - [#DS-1243] @mire solr statistics contribution - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* sands just noticed mdiggory isn't here.  </span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; kevin neither. that one seems good to go, judging from comments</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; wow, yeah, it *is* a small group of us here today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; ok, well the RT can keep an eye on that and make sure it's on track.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; DS-1130</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1130">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1130</a> ] - [#DS-1130] Create controlled vocabulary support for the XMLUI. - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; the next ones are all @mire's stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; does anyone have any comments on them? i think they would love having some review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 notes Lyncode contributed with some precious code review today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; if noone has any comments on @mire contributions (they all passed the vote), possible next discussion topics are 1) bugs 2) link to switch DSpace language 3) mobile theme</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; feel free to comment on any of them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; on the link to switch language, i commented above.  i will continue my look at it tomorrow and get in touch with the submitter.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; i won't have time to do the migration for them forward to the current codebase though, so we'll see if that's possible in short order.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 notes that he has reviewed Jira for issues scheduled for 3.0 and reassigned new features and improvements (that didn't make the Freeze) for 4.0. The rest were bugs which he added to the 3.0 Tasks page.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; I am personally for including the mobile theme at this point.  tdonohue agreed earlier today that slapping "Beta" on it might be a good idea.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; Also a great target for the Test-A-Thon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: any objections to including the mobile theme?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; re mobile theme, there are many good themes out there... wondering why we *need* to include this one out of the box?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: sorry, I don't know any other theme optimized for mobile devices. can you elaborate?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Sorry, not optimized for mobile, just wondering if there is a criteria for including a theme in the default: being asked by the developer?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; hpottinger:  not sure we have any better criteria atm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: my suggestion was to include it, but i explicitly said NOT as default</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I don't have any objections to including it, BTW, just wondering if we need to review other possible themes to include, if we're expanding our offerings</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; i believe he was saying "the default set distributed", yes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sands: i see</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; the reason why we should include a mobile theme is that many people expressed interest in it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OSU (PeterDietz) has a fair number of them, including one with embedded viewer support</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Probably (later) we should move some themes *out* to add-on status.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I remember that the atmire mirage theme came in without much objection. It did have a very nice framework imprement in it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; s/imprement/improvement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; PeterDietz meant to say: I remember that the atmire mirage theme came in without much objection. It did have a very nice framework improvement in it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: so what is your criteria for inclusion?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lyncode (~DSpace@188.250.53.45) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; (of a theme)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; to be clear, I have no objections to including the mobile theme... I would like to see our offering of sample themes expand somehow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; helix84: I don't have one to articulate, just wondering if we have one :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: i formulated my pros and cons in the email</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so it seems the consensus is we go ahead with this one (if anyone finds the time)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 noting that the code was released about 2 hours ago :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; sounds like it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; *beta*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sands: definitely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Ideally I'd like to see themes get their own "garden" outside of Master</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; one more thing I wanted to talk about to mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; how's the build fix going? I asked in the Bamboo thread</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; dspace-services patches will need a release of dspace-services before Maven will pull them into a DSpace build.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: and who can do that? (please excuse my ignorance in all things Maven)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good question.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: but I noticed you haven't merged them yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I haven't been tracking the general health of dspace-services Head, so I don't know how close it is to release-able.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can go ahead and pull #5 if there are no objections.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; sorry, need to go. bye keep in touch via email</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i personally don't know near enough to review it. but if it fixes the problem...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (~chatzilla@host108-61-dynamic.7-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) Quit (Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.88.2 [Firefox 15.0.1/20120905151427])</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; lyncode: can you help out with review? we're talking about dspace-servicess pull requests #5 and I think #4</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* sands apologizes.  urgent family call.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: question. is it possible to check out the latest released code of dspace-services, slap your patches on top of it and release it, so that we would get just the bug fixes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncode&gt; hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hi lyncode. please, see my question to you 3 lines above :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncode&gt; I think it's ok, +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; One should be able to get git to write a diff that could be patched in, yes.  There's probably a smoother way to get git to do it but I am rather new to git....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: GitHub has a link that give you the diff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncode&gt; #4 (if tested +1)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 can't find it in a hurry but i'll get back to you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I don't know that my patches depend on any unreleased changes in -services.  But I don't know that they don't.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: ok, it was just a question</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think I've used those links before.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; you append .diff to most url's.. <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-services/pull/5.diff">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-services/pull/5.diff</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* sands is back.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sands: do you know who has the right to upload to maven central?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Specifically dspace-services</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; i believe i and one other on the RT were granted these rights earlier in the month actually.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 observes that the meeting is officially over, so feel free to leave, but we can continue the discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; for the deploy.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sands: care to take the risk?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'd like to hear from mdiggory about whether -services is generally ready for a release, and if other stuff should go in first.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; sure it will be a learning experience.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger claps sands on the back, Thanks man.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I note that everything since 2.0 is listed in Jira as "unreleased version".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i'd like to repeat we declared that broken builds are a matter of urgency, so it's either release the fix or back out the offending commit (pull #40)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncode&gt; Mark, i think it would be good to have #5 with general circular dependency detection :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: talk to Tim about that, he has the Jira right, I'm sure it's just an oversight</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; lyncode: I'm not sure how to create a more general circularity that requires more history than "it didn't change anything".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; lyncode: BTW thank you for all today's reviews, much appreciated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncode&gt; Currently ConfigurationManager uses a threshold to avoid circular dependencies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; lyncode: some bug fixes haven't received near enough love, either, so if you want to review them, it would be wonderful. the list is at <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+3.0+Tasks">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+3.0+Tasks</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 3.0 Tasks - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+3.0+Tasks">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+3.0+Tasks</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yup, I thought about that too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is there a way to create a cycle that is not detectable in one step?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncode&gt; A = B, B = C, C = A</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncode&gt; helix84 i can easily became that boring guy that anyone likes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cycle_detection">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cycle_detection</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Cycle detection - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia ] - <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cycle_detection">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cycle_detection</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; B = C becomes B = A.  B = A becomes B = B.  B = B triggers the post-test:  nothing changes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; lyncode: please, do! :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncode&gt; no one*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; lyncode: just kidding. but seriously, we have the code, but we need the review.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Every case I thought of boils down to that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncode&gt; hmm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncode&gt; maybe multiple variables? Is that possible?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncode&gt; A = B/A</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Using a stack detects the cycle in fewer iterations but costs more as the stack deepens.  I went with simple rather than fewer-iterations.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; a = b/a becomes a = b/a.  No change.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If someone can show a case that isn't caught by "didn't change" in a reasonable amount of time, I can use a different approach (such as the stack).  I couldn't so I didn't.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Note that we bear the cost of detection once for each case:  ConfigurationService does the substitutions during initialization.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncode&gt; Yes, you're right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; have to run guys.  thanks for all the great review!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sands (~sandsfish@18.189.124.118) Quit (Quit: sands)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks sands.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger notes we're 15 minutes over...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Unless there's more discussion of DSRV#4 or DSRV#5, I need to go as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Must go.  Email me at need.  Thanks, all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; me too. i'll check the logs. bye everyone, it was a great meeting!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* nhoussos (53e8a5d1@gateway/web/freenode/ip.83.232.165.209) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* helix84 (a@195.113.97.174) Quit (Quit: helix84)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I've gotta go, too. Bye!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* nhoussos (53e8a5d1@gateway/web/freenode/ip.83.232.165.209) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamatis (4f6bbf9b@gateway/web/freenode/ip.79.107.191.155) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@c-98-206-13-6.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@c-98-206-13-6.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
