<span class="irc-date">[0:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@162-231-20-234.lightspeed.clmboh.sbcglobal.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@162-231-20-234.lightspeed.clmboh.sbcglobal.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@162-231-20-234.lightspeed.clmboh.sbcglobal.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@162-231-20-234.lightspeed.clmboh.sbcglobal.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* fasseg (~ruckus@HSI-KBW-091-089-154-204.hsi2.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* fasseg (~ruckus@HSI-KBW-091-089-154-204.hsi2.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dietz72m1.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dietz72m1.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161244.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; true story, I totally missed all day yesterday that mhwood had released 4.0, didn't see the announcements in my inbox until I went home and caught up on my e-mail, had my head down all day, it would seem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-102-174.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-102-174.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-102-174.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDie_ (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-102-174.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-102-174.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDie_ (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-102-174.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 250 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-102-174.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-102-174.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Meeting.  Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-12-18">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-12-18</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2013-12-18 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-12-18">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-12-18</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dietz72m1.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Today, I don't have much on the agenda.  But first and foremost I do want to congratulate us all on the DSpace 4.0 release!  A huge thanks to our 4.0 RT of mhwood, hpottinger &amp; bollini for all their hard work (especially the last few weeks)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I thought the Release Team, lead by mhwood, did a fantastic job.  The 4.0 release seemed to go off quite smoothly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; It's a pretty impressive release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; good job, RT!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We had lots of good contributions on which to draw.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 4.0 also seems to have been well received so far.  Though I'm sure we'll get more feedback in the coming weeks/months as folks start upgrading, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think 4.0 may have been one of the largest releases yet (both in terms of features/commits and in terms of contributors).  It beat out 3.0, which itself was a big release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 1.4 -&gt; 1.5 was a huge internal reorganization, but may not have had so many visible changes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; and just a few months ago during the summer it seems there's very little contributions for 4.0. almost everything came in towards the end onf the cycle.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Much of today's meeting I've really set aside to do a "4.0 release wrap-up".  Is there anything we want to chat about regarding the release process itself (whether 4.0 specific or not)?  Improvements we can make to the release process or release schedule?  Issues that may have been encountered that we should try to avoid next time around?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, again.  I wanted to spread that out but did not bug people enough.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: that's very true. I recall in the summer wondering what 4.0 was going to look like :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and we survived :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I only regret all the bugs we pushed back for 4.1 :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The main challenge still seems to be starting early enough.  Getting things documented was occasionally difficult.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; re: bug fixes, there's a release branch, get cracking ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; do you think it would help if we declared that we're not accepting PRs without documentation?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; re: bug fixes. yea, it's hard to fit in *everything*.  There's always something that slips to x.1 or the next x.0.  The key is to ensure that we don't let bigger issues slip (which I think we did a good job of with 4.0)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; A step for Starting a New Release:  review bugs early and start begging for volunteers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; starting a new release: review dependencies that have updates and just update their versions in the pom</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; (after testing, of course... ahem)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; In general:  we have a nice document on how to complete a release, but we should also have one on how to begin.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Documentation is always an issue. I wish I knew a good way to "fix" that problem.  We could make a rule that PRs must come with (at least minimal) docs before they will be merged.  It might be worth a try</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; back when the docs were in the source code that would have been pretty easy to manage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood++ I'd honestly welcome the creation of a "Starting a New Release" page or similar, alongside our "Release Procedure"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I will see what I can come up with for Starting a New Release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Noted.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Can we make wiki pages in our own personal space and then copy them (or point to them in a PR)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd also be glad to try and contribute to the "Starting a New Release", though I suspect the RT might be the best resource -- as your minds may be able to more easily list some of the "stumbling blocks" that should be tackled early</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yes, it is possible to create wiki pages in your personal space. Several folks already do that for "in progress" docs, and then they move/copy them to the final location</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, it sounds like we could make that a requirement of acceptance of a PR?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I suspect we probably should vote (amongst the committers) whether "we require (at least minimal) documentation for the acceptance of a PR".  It needs to be an "accepted policy" amongst us all, for it to work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That sounds right.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And then we need to define what constitutes "minimal documentation" :)  (obvious answer may be -- new configs need explanation/docs. New features need usage details, configs, how to enable/disable)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; A personal page would be an option, if your work is fairly self-contained and large enough to warrant a page.  Some really ought to just be threaded into an existing page.  But we do need a better way to encourage that we get something along with the code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe minimal documentation is "complete" but it's okay to just dash off something complete and ask for help to put it into shippable condition.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; A page in the DSPACE namespace should be preferable to a page in the personal namespace - because other early testers could help out there, whereas in a personal space only that one user can write.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; But that's just a detail - the important thing is to encourage early docs, no matter what form.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, well, I can email dspace-commit to begin this policy discussion (and brainstorm what we really require).  We can then work towards an official vote/approval as needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; How can we help the person who has a great idea and great code but no idea how to document it?  There are many such.  Others could write or improve documentation, but the tech writer needs access to the coder's thoughts.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; chmod o+r mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; that person asking for help would be a good start</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'd be willing to be named on a list of people who can help with tech writing, as long as there are others in the list. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yea, I think that gets to the point of what constitutes "minimal docs".  In my mind, "minimal" may not necessarily be "complete"...but it's enough docs that someone else could run the feature, and help you enhance/tweak the docs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; me, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm also always willing to help with docs, my time permitting.  (sometimes these days my time is lacking though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I explored something with ES stats - when I was testing them before the release, I just wrote down everything that I didn't understand and that could be improved into ES docs comments on the wiki. I think that's a great start - a perspective of a new user. I only pity I didn't transform those notes into an improved documentation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; add me to the list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe I can find a place to write this up among the Contribution Guidelines.  I will see.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it sounds like we have two main ToDo's here so far: (1) Create a "Starting a New Release" page with stuff to get done early (mhwood will start, others to enhance), and (2) Begin discussion on -commit around requiring some docs before we can merge a PR (tdonohue will start discussion, others to take part)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'll see what I can do generally to talk about documentation in the Contribution Guidelines, without stating a policy.  Policy to follow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there any other threads I missed, or other things we should make sure to talk through today (while the 4.0 release is fresh in everyone's minds)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good, mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; A random thought - I think best features turn out to be those that have another early adopter before the release. For example, Keiji tested a lot of CINECA stuff, gave feedback and both sides improved the code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe there is a way for the RT to promote "incoming features" and help to find those early testers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: I agree. That's why the first step of "Code Approval Process" in our "Code Contribution Guidelines" says..."Share Early. Share Often!".  But, I've yet to figure out a way to get everyone to do that &amp; encourage that early collaboration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Code+Contribution+Guidelines#CodeContributionGuidelines-OverviewofCodeApprovalProcess%E2%80%93HowtogetyourCodeintoDSpace!">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Code+Contribution+Guidelines#CodeContributionGuidelines-OverviewofCodeApprovalProcess%E2%80%93HowtogetyourCodeintoDSpace!</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Code Contribution Guidelines - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Code+Contribution+Guidelines#CodeContributionGuidelines-OverviewofCodeApprovalProcess%E2%80%93HowtogetyourCodeintoDSpace!">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Code+Contribution+Guidelines#CodeContributionGuidelines-OverviewofCodeApprovalProcess%E2%80%93HowtogetyourCodeintoDSpace!</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; if there are ideas though, anything is worth a try :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~bollini@host175-103-dynamic.21-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; The hard part seems to be convincing people developing new stuff to talk about it early. If there's not much we can do on that end, how about starting from the other end ans saying hey, I'm available to test new stuff. What have you all got?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Scheduled update mailings on the developing release?  With a list of features and improvements?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ulterior motive:  get people to want their stuff to be in that list.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: that is something I seriously considered doing after the 3.0 release. Only problem is there was nothing to report on. Early in the cycle was dead calm. Then after the summer, a storm came.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; how about this: OR time comes, we show off what we have</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; "New features:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; o  Apparently 5.0 will have no new features."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84++  It seems to always work that way...dead calm before the  storm.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: I keep thinking if there's a way we can turn that into our advantage. I have nothing yet :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; It is also true that OpenRepository is a major driver</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I had a list of features to hunt down after OR (dev meeting and presentations)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OR time could be an opportunity (in the Developer mtg) to get folks to show what they may have.  We also could encourage Committers especially to share their very-early-work privately on -commmit (if they just want more eyes, but don't want it public yet).  Not sure if that'd work though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; bollini can attest i was quite a nag about his web service lookup code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that was -commit, not -commmit ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; As with many management issues, it seems that what is needed is someone to wander around bothering people regularly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger volunteers to wander around, who has the airplane?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; turns out we need management... that was unexpected...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Maybe we program a script that starts sending weekly emails to -commit (beginning in the summer) just saying:  "Hi there, I notice that our next release has very few new features. Care to tell us what you are working on?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; part of the problem is, and I saw plenty of this at OR but have encountered it elsewhere, there's this notion we all have that the "code is not good enough" it's "not ready"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; True.  It helps to recognize that "not ready to ship" is not the same as "not ready to show to *anyone*".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Code+Contribution+Guidelines#CodeContributionGuidelines-0.ShareEarly,ShareOften!">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Code+Contribution+Guidelines#CodeContributionGuidelines-0.ShareEarly,ShareOften!</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Code Contribution Guidelines - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Code+Contribution+Guidelines#CodeContributionGuidelines-0.ShareEarly,ShareOften!">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Code+Contribution+Guidelines#CodeContributionGuidelines-0.ShareEarly,ShareOften!</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; These days I try to push projects up to Github from the start, but I haven't done much to call attention to them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, that's why I was wondering if getting folks talking privately on "dspace-commit" can kickstart some of this.... (just brainstorming)...maybe committers would be more willing to share "not ready to ship" code privately much earlier in the process?  Ideally, it'd be better if they just share publicly, but not all are willing to do so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i.e. start a weekly/monthly discussion thread on "dspace-commit":  "What are you working on lately?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I think that there are also another devious issue here... if I have a new feature that want to share and if I share it very early probably it will stale for too long before that we will start to seriously thing about merge it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We could try that.  It might work, and if it doesn't then we can try something else.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; here's a thing to do: everyone, star/follow all your fellow committers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; an example occurred to me of someone who did it right and it didn't help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; bollini has a point.  Code doesn't get attention from others, possibly because no one feels qualified to review it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; if you follow us on github, then, if any of us pushes something interesting, we *ask them about it*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; very true, bollini &amp; mhwood.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Pascal-Nicolas announced his work on DOI support very early in the 3.0 cycle. Later, he had code out and needed advice how to solve some open issues and didn't get any response. Only later mhwood helped him wrap it up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; which reminds me, sands put up something I meant to ask him about</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I should have responded more quickly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: that is a "dead simple" thing to try. Though it assumes I'm paying attention to my GitHub "news feed" (which I really should do, but I don't always do so). Still I should follow everyone anyhow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; yes, I think that the key is make some guarantee... as we have done for the PR deadline... if you submit it in time we will review it for sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is there a way to turn the news feed into emails?  Those make noise to attract my attention.  I have not yet the habit of looking at little "you have notices" icons up in the corner.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: We're glad that you were able to help out, regardless. The question here is can we do something better next time it happens? Perhaps a list of issies where help/review/testing is wanted?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I use an app on my iPad called Hojoki (<a href="http://hojoki.com/)">http://hojoki.com/)</a> to keep up with GitHub news feeds, JIRA, and Trac</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: GitHub "news feeds" has an RSS feed...which you might be able to turn into an email.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we should try to collect idea about new features and improvements and reserve a IRC meeting to the exposed idea, 1 IRC for month</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We could at least reserve a slice of the meeting time, if there is not enough for an entire meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; yes, we can manage several idea in a single meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; but the point is we need to guarantee that you will have a scheduled opportunity to get feedback and maybe a vote</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; bollini:  I agree.  This kind of thing should be regularly scheduled.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; one issue with IRC is that I've noticed we have 2-3 factions in our Committers group:  (1) those that are nearly always in IRC meetings, (2) those that pop in occasionally when they can, (3) those that are almost never in IRC meetings.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The problem is something that "those that are almost never in IRC meetings" sometimes are still folks who push big changes at us (e.g. Richard Jones great work on SWORDv2)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; s/something/sometimes/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; tdonohue meant to say: The problem is sometimes that "those that are almost never in IRC meetings" sometimes are still folks who push big changes at us (e.g. Richard Jones great work on SWORDv2)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I do agree though that having something regularly scheduled is a good idea.  It can be in our IRC meetings.  But, we may also need to catch folks in other ways (email, or whatever else)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, again, let's try it and see if it works.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, agreed. Just noting that we may want to try several options at once here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; completely on a tangent here, but if *anyone* has code they are tinkering with to wire up a streaming server with DSpace, or working pseudo-streaming code that doesn't freak out Acrobat, I'm really interested in working with you to polish that up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok, can we try to concretize this proposal? the 3rd IRC meeting of any month will be (at least partially) reserved to talk about the idea that are presented in the devel and commit list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 bollini</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, that sounds good.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 sounds fine to me.  My only issue here is that I'm not sure if I'm going to always remember this schedule (and catch everything that needs talking through in the 3rd IRC mtg).  So, I'd appreciate help in tracking what it is we really want to talk through.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I can write myself a note to try and remember the 3rd IRC mtg part...it's more the tracking that I may not always be 100% on top of (depending on what's on my plate)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe the then-current RT could be responsible for that part of the meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; the 3rd IRC meeting will mean 15th January, so we have a full month to collect idea. We should announce this new initiative properly on the list and add to the contribution guideline</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It'd be helpful if others could chip in on that.  It's actually not the easiest to come up with these agendas (and sometimes our agendas may be lacking if I've been swamped most of the week) -- I'd love it if others were willing &amp; able to chip in on meetings more</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It's still a bit vague in my mind how we plan to "announce and collection ideas" for these meetings. Is this almost like a JIRA review (for brand new tickets with brand new ideas needing feedback)?  Or are we talking about something else</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; something else imho. We are talking about something that you probably don't feel to be enought clear and defined to put on jira</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It sounds like time to deal with those "we should do X" ideas that flit across the lists, and try to get them moving.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 notices that we're starting overtime, but of course, feel free to keep going</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; in most case, after that the discussion start on the mailing list we can suggest to open a jira issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Also to convert rumors that "someone is working on X" into issues.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And a forum to say:  "we are thinking about / building X.  Is there interest in having this contributed?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Since we are in "overtime", I do want to briefly mention that our next *two* meetings fall on major USA holidays (Dec 25 &amp; Jan 1).  I'm not going to be able to attend either of them.  If folks want to meet, you are welcome to, but I will not be convening an official meeting. So, our next official meeting will not be until Weds, Jan 8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; oh yes, also in Europe is likely that no one will attend the meeting in that days</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; regarding this IRC meeting thing: Maybe I'm still just confused.  I guess I'm not exactly sure what we are announcing here.  I do agree that it'd be good to quickly followup on recent email threads / brainstorms on lists in the next IRC meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so we should put these things on the agenda as we notice the emails</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I guess, I'm saying.. I don't know what this thing "is", nor how I would report/announce it to other developers.  It's rather vague</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84++  that might be a way of doing this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Who will do the adding?  Note that "anyone" usually turns out to mean "no one".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: I'll tryy to remember to do that sice I'm reading all the mail, anyway. Just in case I forget, we need others to remeber to do it, too :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Well, I will note that helix84 actually adds things to the agenda on his own at times (and I appreciate it).  Anyone can do that.  But, yes, I agree that sometimes saying "anyone = no one"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thank you helix84.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm also willing to try and add such items to the agenda when I catch them.  But, I'm not going to be able to promise that I'll catch *everything*, so the more eyes the better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok, my proposal was a bit different we can review any idea that raise on the mailing list in the next IRC but we MUST assure that we will review ALL the idea in the next scheduled IRC (3rd of the month)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; so we should announce that, we have decided to perform regulary a discussion session during the 3rd weekly IRC meeting with developers that will expose idea, work in progress on the mailing list and are available to chat</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we can invite people to add item to the special IRC agenda herself or we can do that (helix84 will be probably the catchall, I will try to help too)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, so it's almost like how I had "office hours" in IRC?  We invite folks to chat with us in IRC during that 3rd meeting of the month?  (I will note that unfortunately no one ever attended my scheduled "office hours"...I think I had one person in the 3-4 months that I regularly held it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So the purpose of this is to turn vague notions into less-vague Jira issues?  To capture more ideas, instead of waiting for others to do it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; as committer we should assure that at least (3?) of us will attend, so that the developers can have enought support (and try to collect vote for the future merge)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; office hours still goes on, we just keep tdonohue company with JIRA backlog hour, too. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mhwood the purpose is to have jira issue about unknown idea and work around the community</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; To actively scan the environment and invite sharing of what we find.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I think there have been always at least 3 people on every DevMtg unless it was announced the week before that there's a holiday so noone is coming.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Proposal for discussion at the next "let's talk about features" meet up: what's up with this? <a href="http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/Psuedo-video-streaming-with-item-attachment-and-seeking-enabled-td4662291.html">http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/Psuedo-video-streaming-with-item-attachment-and-seeking-enabled-td4662291.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace - Tech - Psuedo video streaming with item attachment and seeking enabled ] - <a href="http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/Psuedo-video-streaming-with-item-attachment-and-seeking-enabled-td4662291.html">http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/Psuedo-video-streaming-with-item-attachment-and-seeking-enabled-td4662291.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: yes, probably we have been - but people that don't frequent IRC don't known. The point here  is that we will guarantee that we will be here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; tdonohue: yes, it is likely your "office hours"... to be honest I have forget about that. Probably a reminder could be useful</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, the 3rd IRC meeting of every month will be "brainstorm hour?" Or possibly "hackathon hour?" (keep dreaming big, Hardy)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I like parts of this...but, I wonder if it can just be simplified to a "Let's talk about Features" meeting (every 3rd meeting of the month), to spin off hpottinger's idea.  We just make it clear (on dspace-devel &amp; elsewhere) that the entire meeting is devoted towards brainstorming new features (and following up on threads on email lists relating to such new features)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; maybe different ground rules, though, how about "if you have code, you have the floor?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; My Office Hours was advertised every week for about 3-4 months... I've stopped advertising it, as only one person ever showed up in those 3-4 months.  It's since changed into time for JIRA Backlog review, etc, and I provide support ad-hoc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; My worry here is that this is sounding similar...  We could try it, but I'm just not sure that we'll have many folks show up.  But, still, at the very least, maybe it provides us (Committers) a chance to dig deeper into recent email threads</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; tdonohue: ok, "Let's talk about Features" makes sense. We should start to include a "standard reply" to email about new feature, idea and development with a reminder to such IRC meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So, perhaps, if you show up to the meeting then you will get a hearing about your idea.  If not, but we heard of it anyway, we may pick a volunteer to ask you for it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mhwood +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Let's start with the "Let's talk about Features" idea, with some groundrules (which we need to still determine -- not sure if we'll get to them all today, we may need to discuss this more via email too, or after the holidays).  It seems like it shouldn't be that hard, it's just more of an "open meeting format" once per month</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I unfortunately have to head out of here very shortly.  Will be back a bit later though.   Do we want to bring the remainder of the "Let's talk about Features" discussion to email (dspace-commit)?  Or followup again after the holidays on the "groundrules", etc?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; both</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's probably time for email.  Discussion seems to have slowed.  We should think a bit and then email for a bit and then wrap up in IRC when we see convergence beginning.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; random idea: this jar ought to be in Discovery somewhere: <a href="http://projects.freelibrary.info/solr-iso639-filter/">http://projects.freelibrary.info/solr-iso639-filter/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Solr-ISO639-Filter Project ] - <a href="http://projects.freelibrary.info/solr-iso639-filter/">http://projects.freelibrary.info/solr-iso639-filter/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good. if someone can start this thread on dspace-commit, I'd appreciate it.  I'll take care of the other dspace-commit email/discussion about requiring documentation before PRs can be merged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think we can name this meeting after bollini, if he agrees to publicize it :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; 8-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue has to step out. Be back a bit later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: I filed a more general ticket regarding that, but this is nice for this special use case (assuming it provides the data)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; helix84: thanks for mentioning, have a ticket number for me? I was right about to make a new ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1141">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1141</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1141">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1141</a> ] - [DS-1141] Arbitrary SOLR queries in Discovery facets - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-1141] Arbitrary SOLR queries in Discovery facets - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1141">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1141</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I piques Kevin's interest and convinced him to assign it, but that's no guarantee of success as he's been very busy lately</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger shakes a fist at Jira: remember me!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; <a href="http://air.unimi.it/simple-search?query=&amp;submit=Cerca">http://air.unimi.it/simple-search?query=&amp;submit=Cerca</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Search Results | Archivio Istituzionale della Ricerca ] - <a href="http://air.unimi.it/simple-search?query=&amp;submit=Cerca">http://air.unimi.it/simple-search?query=&amp;submit=Cerca</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we have facet for fulltext</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: based on metadata?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; our approach is to have a metadata that is automatically filled using the info from the bitstreams and the resourcepolicy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: how do you fill it automatically?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; BTW it used to work in 1.8 (fulltext:* or fulltext:[* TO *]) but it's broken since 3.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; well... we call this feature, "default values"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we have changed the InstallItem and the EditItem Servlet to call a "manager" before the item.update</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; the manager call all the registred "default values" plugin that can manipulate the item adding metadata or doing other</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That sounds like a Curation Task.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; exactly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; maybe</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; but we want that as part of the item transaction. We don't want that an archived item can go in archive without these metadata</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; this is the reason because we don't use event (that are also not friendly with changes)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: there's a fulltext field in Solr already, so in theory it should continue to work (fulltext/nofulltext, not as detailed as in Milano) but I haven't figured out why it doesn't work anymore</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I was thinking that if this code were a task attached to the end of the workflow, then you wouldn't need to maintain custom versions of the servlets.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we have checked it at OR, it works but... the Hightlighter fails</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I think we did look at it, but I have a very bad memory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mhwood: you need because admin can edit item, and we have default values that are generated on the basis of other metadata (we use it to build a "citation string")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I spent too much time trying to figure it out. Actually, just today I wrote a workaround SQL to find out which items are missing fulltext :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, just an idea.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; aschweer: morning!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; morning folks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; or whatever the time is for you...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: sorry, I forget about that until...now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; meeting is over, but we're still bashing around an idea about a regular chat about new features</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: if you have a jira issue feel free to assign to me, I will try to look at it soon for the 4.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; talking about new features earlier sounds like a great plan to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; DS-1601</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1601">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1601</a> ] - [DS-1601] fulltext:[* TO *] discovery query throws exception - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; found it, assigned it. thanks in advance :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; aschweer: we all like the theory ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok folks I need to go... time to sleep here :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~bollini@host175-103-dynamic.21-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; just checking -- has anyone been able to deposit to 4.0 via sword?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; cos I haven't</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; ah, yes, now I remember what I've been forgetting, that SWORD comment on the mail list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; aschweer: just file a ticket so it can haunt us. I personally don't use SWORD.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; yeah I was thinking about doing that. I suppose I like to check first whether it's just me -- probably silly since closing a jira ticket is cheap :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It was worth asking.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; hpottinger: yup, that one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It sometimes happens that composing the issue brings forward new thinking, and one doesn't have to actually submit it. :-/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; mhwood: too true!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; here you go: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1846">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1846</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-1846] Cannot deposit new item via SWORD - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1846">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1846</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1846">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1846</a> ] - [DS-1846] Cannot deposit new item via SWORD - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I have to go.  'bye, all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; is there a SWORD validation service?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; hpottinger: I don't know -- might be worth asking on the SWORD mailing list?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it's the sort of thing that would be Richard's cup of tea, I'd expect, standing up a useful service...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; if he gets JISC funding for it ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; <a href="http://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?forum_name=sword-app-tech">http://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?forum_name=sword-app-tech</a> is the list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ SourceForge.net: SWORD: sword-app-tech ] - <a href="http://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?forum_name=sword-app-tech">http://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?forum_name=sword-app-tech</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; click, click click waiting for confirmation e-mail...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; there are specs on <a href="http://swordapp.org">http://swordapp.org</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ SWORD ] - <a href="http://swordapp.org">http://swordapp.org</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; message sent</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; thanks hpottinger :) it's the last day before the break here and I'm quite busy, otherwise I would have done this myself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; no problem, hey, btw, that new base machine project? I'm working on a new release of it, I'm afraid the deb mirror method of setting up the apt/sources.list is a bit too fragile</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it *might* work for you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; haven't had time to test it, sorry -- but thanks for all your work on it :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; there's a METS validator here it seems: <a href="http://hul.harvard.edu/mets/">http://hul.harvard.edu/mets/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ METS Java Toolkit, Version 1.3 ] - <a href="http://hul.harvard.edu/mets/">http://hul.harvard.edu/mets/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; might help given that the exception message refers to an invalid METS manifest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, you're pointing easy deposit at demo?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dietz72m1.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 272 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; added a comment to 1846 with a link to the METS validator</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; yes, I have an easydeposit instance pointed at demo and I also tried with a local 4.0 install</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; there is likely something just slightly "off" about the code for the patch for DS-1514</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1514">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1514</a> ] - [DS-1514] Embargo settings on item import - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; that's my thinking too, I just didn't have time to look at it in detail</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I doubt it's something about the METS file really since easydeposit used to work fine with older DSpace versions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; but 1514 "does stuff" to that information to support embargo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/345">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/345</a> much commentary</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1514 AIP import simple embargo by helix84  Pull Request #345  DSpace/DSpace  GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/345">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/345</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue in particular looked at the change that aschweer reverted in debugging 1846, I think</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; yeah but he seemed to be concerned more about how the ingester/crosswalk processes the information in the mets file</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; but the issue seems to be that the ingester now expects certain information in the mets file that isn't present when there is no embargo information</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; gotta go, night!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161244.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has left #duraspace</span><br />
