<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2013-05-22
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@cm107.eta98.maxonline.com.sg) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@cm107.eta98.maxonline.com.sg) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@42.61.209.30) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@42.61.209.30) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@cm107.eta98.maxonline.com.sg) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@cm107.eta98.maxonline.com.sg) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161251.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bram-atmire (~bram@94-225-35-170.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:01]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger waves</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~chatzilla@host175-48-dynamic.247-95-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ruebot_ (~ruebot@ec2-50-112-50-181.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:40]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ruebot_ (~ruebot@ec2-50-112-50-181.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ruebot_ (~ruebot@ec2-50-112-50-181.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:42]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ruebot (~ruebot@pdpc/supporter/professional/ruebot) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I had an agenda, but as several other topics came up in #dspace today, wondering if we should mostly concentrate on those topics</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Just plugged those into my agenda at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-05-22">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-05-22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2013-05-22 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-05-22">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-05-22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. first up though a few PR reviews...looking up where we left off</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Agenda says 154</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; agenda is wrong actually...we did 154 &amp; 159 last week....sorry, neglected to update agenda</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; today we start at #161: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/161">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/161</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DAO Implementation (Status: 50%) - Community help requested by lyncodev · Pull Request #161 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/161">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/161</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Joao's DAO work, related to DS-1438</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1438">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1438</a> ] - [#DS-1438] DAO implementation - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, this seems to be sitting "static" now for ~5months.  What can we do to move this forward?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; not so many people commented</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; and there was also a request to implement the missing methods</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Resolve the issues around smooshing Services into API?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it looks like the last comment from mdiggory to the PR was to try and "split" up the work incrementally (to make it easier to review).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I like that approach.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger wonders if we figure out a way to nudge PR submitters that their PR will be on the agenda a certain week?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I echo mdiggory's concerns about dependency tangles.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I also do.  I freely admit, I have a very hard time reviewing "huge" pull requests.  I know we all do this on occasion, but it makes it harder to tell what is going on / being changed, without some clear docs/explaination</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ruebot_ (~ruebot@ec2-50-112-50-181.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com) Quit (Quit: Please, sir, I want some more.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ruebot (~ruebot@ec2-50-112-50-181.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ruebot (~ruebot@ec2-50-112-50-181.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ruebot (~ruebot@pdpc/supporter/professional/ruebot) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: Nice idea...not sure how to do it without a lot of "guessing".  Some weeks we get through 3-4 PRs..others, we are lucky to finish one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yes, for instance, the discovery enhancements for 3.0 which packed many things ina single PR were impossible to review completely. only now we're dealing with things it introduced - like provate items.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: exactly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i'm all for incremental improvements</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; i ran into some services woes this week. How to make an outside App talk-DSpace. I think without Joao's work, you can't get context via Services. I honestly have idea what instantiated it for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; It kind of comes down to who takes it up to create a good test protocol for these kinds of bigger things</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; but first of all, we need to approve those suggestions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Back when I lurked on the Linux kernel ML, it was not uncommon to see a patch rejected with "nice work, but break it down into small pieces that can be reviewed individually."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; Someone willing to do a review, should need to look at all individual lines of code and figure out for him/herself what the impact is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; in particular, does anyone have problem with step 1) merge dspace-services?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; should *not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* l_a_p (~chatzilla@93-57-61-229.ip163.fastwebnet.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini_ (~chatzilla@host11-63-dynamic.245-95-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; merge dspace-services:  Not a problem to me.  Though mdiggory's response was that he didn't think that was necessary.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; PeterDietz:  is it necessary to have a service for this?  Just "new Context()" when you need one.  (But services must be running first.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I think I'm in favor of that. But what does services DSpace kernel .stop() mean? Is that when the JVM shuts down, or when an app using the DSpace Kernel shuts down.. Services in the whole confuses me, maybe it will confuse me less if its sucked into the dspace-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: i'm confused, because it was his suggestion (step 1) but nice to see the discussion around this starting!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There's a listener to take care of kernel lifecycle.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; in joao's documentation he mentions the need for services migration: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~joaomelo/DAO+Implementation">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~joaomelo/DAO+Implementation</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Log In - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~joaomelo/DAO+Implementation">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~joaomelo/DAO+Implementation</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; "dspace-services merged into dspace-api: The need for it is to allow DSpace util class (dspace-services) to support getContextService method, which uses Context (dspace-api class)."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (~chatzilla@host175-48-dynamic.247-95-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; new Context() is ultimately: connection = DatabaseManager.getConnection();</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini_ is now known as bollini</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; in any case, I'm not adamantly against moving dspace-services into dspace-api.   It's ok.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I don't think any app wants to get into the business of concerning about the context. If you have the DSpace Kernel, then you should be all set</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Alternative:  move Context into services.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I don't have strong feelings on the matter. Maybe consolidation sounds cleaner...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It seems like none of us have strong feelings on this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I suspect though that many of us would LOVE DAO  (Or at least I've heard it a lot).  So, it'd be nice to get this work "moving forward".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; it is much more than dao here...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I still think mdiggory's suggestion for incremental improvements would make this easier to review.  As it is, it's a bit large, and has very little docs/explanation with it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; it introduce hibernate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, he says "I need X" but not really why.  Or I'm too dense to see why.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: he needs dao for SpringUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; No, why does he need ContextService?  Not clear at all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; also, how long have we been talking on pushing functionality down from interfaces into a business layer?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Too long.  Is that what this does?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i don't think so, but it rebuilds a lot of stuff. that's an opportunity to do what we wanted to do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; on the layer below UIs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, the problem here though is that we all don't understand *how* this is "rebuilding stuff", other than the few sentences of explanation around "adding hibernate" and moving around DB tables.  It's still too dense to fully comprehend the extent of these changes.  Which is why it might be nice to split up into understandable "chunks"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Or maybe I should say, I find it too dense. I like the conceptual ideas here.  Just have a hard time understanding how to use it &amp; what all it affects based on these changes (and what may break along the way and need fixing)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Like the annual US Federal budget that (these days) gets debated for 14 months and then shot down.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i'll make sure to send him the link to today's log</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; my opinion here is... we need a big refactoring to introduce DAO, ORM, ApplicationService pattern, etc. but this is a very big change and a disruptive one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; the change all in one is to big to review... but it is not splittable in more chunks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; There is merit to bringing it all in one-big-pull-request, otherwise, you have to take each chunk, and get them approved semi-quickly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; if you split it in chunks you need to give up some expectation and this make the work less interesting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; the detriment is though that an "all in one-big-pull-request" can sit around forever (now going on 5 months) while waiting for review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; i.e. to split the work... we should introduce DAO separatly from Hibernate... but this could make the hibernate integration more difficult or less efficient than expected</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; not necessarily "we neeed more PRs", just explain all the bits, correct?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; maybe the "balance" here is to have more explanation of changes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; (I don't think the delay is just due to lack of review, we're all juggling many plates)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: correct.  One big PR + not much explanation = it's gonna sit around for a while until we understand it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we should be honest... this is a so big change that most of us should be involved actively. These changes alone are worth a major release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; bollini++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini ++ as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; agreed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So we need more insight into what's being done, so that we *can* be effectively involved.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so, the consensus seems to be we'll just request more explanation of changes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Ok, so I would say, I would prefer to use Hibernate over postgres. To get there, you need to add DAO. To get this to work, you need to modify Context / Service</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; would it be useful to try to run his new core? <a href="https://github.com/lyncode/DSpace/tree/new-core">https://github.com/lyncode/DSpace/tree/new-core</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ lyncode/DSpace at new-core · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/lyncode/DSpace/tree/new-core">https://github.com/lyncode/DSpace/tree/new-core</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; and try to break things as a way of testing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; new-core is the branch the PR we're discussing was made from</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; You could have an omnibus vote, do you want ALL of that, and then, here's a big PR that implements ONLY-ALL of that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds like the best we can do here is ask for more info:   Explanation of the changes in a bit more detail.  How do we need to help out (i.e. what is missing / what may break) if we were to schedule this for 4.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; With that info, I *hope* we could make a decision around whether DAO is something we'd want to tackle for 4.0 together/jointly.  Or if we need to rethink this more</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and, if we do schedule for 4.0, what about the idea of *just this* for 4.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I talked to Joao two days ago and he said he'll be able to resume this work around August - which may be too late for 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, that may be too late for 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so you may want to consider whether you'll be able to help with it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; or perhaps request a smaller change for 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; this is such a massive change, we likely need to get it moving forward soon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I should think that ContextService is a fairly small piece that could be done anytime.  But I still want to understand why we need it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It seems reasonable that we could potentially to "dspace-services into dspace-api" merge and ContextService for 4.0 (as preparatory steps).  But, as mhwood says, we may need to better understand why we need it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; just to note that all the content classes are still here org.dspace.content.*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK. wondering if we should move on for today.  We've spent 40mins now on DAO... feel like this discussion is slowing down.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; this mean that to use the new structure (DAO/Hibernate/etc) we need to rebuild all the UIs on the new API</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; the only thing that I'm sure is that I don't want to have two really different layer that work concurrently on the same db (databasemanager stuff and hibernate)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: yea, I don't think any of us want to do any of that (especially not before 4.0).  This is part of the reason why I think I need more info here.  Not sure what all would "break" from these changes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: is it possible that the APIs will remain the same here? (like your Solr implementation of BrowseDAO)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; s/APIs/interfaces/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; helix84 meant to say: bollini: is it possible that the interfaces will remain the same here? (like your Solr implementation of BrowseDAO)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If the UIs know about the storage layer then we need to fix that regardless of how we organize the storage layer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood ++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Wondering if we should use any of remanding time in this meeting to touch back on the REST API discussion (in #dspace earlier) or the "Private items" questions (also in #dspace earlier)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; if we are able to get some agreement about the private items we will be able to finalize two pull requests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; if anyone here is thinking "hey, what's this about REST-API? you can go here: <a href="https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/dspace-rest/AAHvkJxw9sg">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/dspace-rest/AAHvkJxw9sg</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Google Groups ] - <a href="https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/dspace-rest/AAHvkJxw9sg">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/dspace-rest/AAHvkJxw9sg</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; My only concern about private items is that it's papering over the cracks in our access control model, but we can do that now and remold access control later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; That google-group is just a sounding board for the self-formed DSpace REST group that is the OR13 panel.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; err, i mean, everyone is free to join in. I would love to have plenty of discussion, it was conceived to facilitate communication</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; PeterDietz++ more the merrier</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; PeterDietz: I know you meant the new discussion group as a way not to clutter up the regular mailing lists. But let me suggest that so many people are interested in REST API that it would be a good idea to use the regular mailing lists.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; People on the mailing lists give me hell for pasting in images / uploading files, so I like the idea of this group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; maybe the -devel group is friendlier</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; -developers are always friendlier :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; to finalize on the private item issues... what do you think if I send a proposal of what we mean for withdrawn items and private items to the devel list? can we vote on these incoming definitions and change the code to reflect them?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I can understand the need for an organized "discussion group" for REST API.  But, I do think it needs to be better advertised &amp; communicated out..  As it is, not sure most folks have any understanding of what is going on around REST</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; PeterDietz: which ML do you mean? I was actually suggesting -devel.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; bollini++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini++ seems reasonable.  For me, "private items" = "access restricted items" (may be a limited access restriction, like embargo).   "withdrawn items" = "removed from the archive".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; ??? But withdrawn items are still in the archive; you just can't get at them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; bollini++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: I like the proposal, although I would expect @mire to draft it, since they came up with the concept</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; dspace-tech is the one I usually get private replies saying I have a really slow internet connection, and your giant binary file brought my entire country's internet to its knees for 3 days</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; PeterDietz:  so use pastebin on -tech.  But discussion is tiny compared to most binaries.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood:  "in_archive" are stuff actually in the archive.  Withdrawn are moved to another "state" (like "workflow_items" and "workspace_items")... so, to me "withdrawn" is an *item state*.  "private" is just access restrictions/embargo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; I don't necessarily agree helix, we're not doing active development on this right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; might also be related to this JIRA: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-658">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-658</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [#DS-658] Provide a "nonAnon" attribute to XMLUI theme - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-658">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-658</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-658">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-658</a> ] - [#DS-658] Provide a &amp;quot;nonAnon&amp;quot; attribute to XMLUI theme - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: bram-atmire: I will try to draft something (just few lines), we can work all together to improve it before vote</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, about REST API.  I'm curious..has work begun on it?   It seems like the discussions on that list are very few/far between.  Just wondering how others can help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; sorry, today I need to leave exactly to the clock time.  Thanks to all for the discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; re:REST. So, everyone has different schedules, and levels of commitment, and we don't work in the same buildings. Its mostly just me I'd say</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; also got to go, good meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (~chatzilla@host11-63-dynamic.245-95-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) Quit (Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.90 [Firefox 20.0.1/20130409194949])</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* bram-atmire dspace-high-five for everyone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bram-atmire (~bram@94-225-35-170.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: a pull request a day keeps the doctor away)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I spent a few weeks fishing for recommendations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Then a few weeks trying out the recommendations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Now, I've done a week of implementing something in JERSEY</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sorry, I have to go too.  Thanks all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm gonna need to head out shortly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; PeterDietz: where were you fishing? I missed the hook.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. Good to know PeterDietz.  Thanks for your hard work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Maybe I didn't ask you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm also curious if you asked around on dspace-devel.  Just wonder if other suggestions would pop up along the way?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I didn't cast an infinitely wide net. I only have a Fishing License in Ohio</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; it's not about me personally, but there are many stakeholders in the public</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think one of the nicest things about PeterDietz's work is that it gives us a non-sakai REST-api to tinker with, which is where the discussions of the other REST-APIs tend to fall down</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to that.  I like the idea of using something that is more "standard/supported" in the Java world</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; helix84, the thing is that the discussion started as a way to build something that uses the existing REST-APIs, which collided quickly with dissatisfaction with those APIs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; that's great - getting actual feedback - but why wasn't this posted or at least summed up publicly so that we can get even _more_ feedback?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; busy days, busy busy days</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; don't take me wrong, i want a REST API as much as you do, but doing things in private was the very same mistake the two previous implementations made</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'll send discussions to dspace-devel from now on. I remember getting crickets when I posted about the REST-API client app</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think it would be helpful to think of this as more of an experiment, and less of an actual project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* l_a_p (~chatzilla@93-57-61-229.ip163.fastwebnet.it) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; might turn into something, might not, lots of feedback might not be appropriate right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Yeah, the goal was just to make it so we can get to PEI without being empty handed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I have a new thesis: If we want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go alone.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; for what it's worth, it looks like Fedora 4 is using JAX-RS for their new REST API.  Currently with Apache CXF under it..though I found instructions to swap over to using Jersey: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FF/Switching+Jax-RS+implementation+from+CXF+to+Jersey">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FF/Switching+Jax-RS+implementation+from+CXF+to+Jersey</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Switching Jax-RS implementation from CXF to Jersey - Fedora Futures - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FF/Switching+Jax-RS+implementation+from+CXF+to+Jersey">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FF/Switching+Jax-RS+implementation+from+CXF+to+Jersey</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; but, like everything posted on GitHub, it's ready for anyone to fork, tinker with, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://github.com/peterdietz/dspace-rest.git">https://github.com/peterdietz/dspace-rest.git</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ peterdietz/dspace-rest · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/peterdietz/dspace-rest.git">https://github.com/peterdietz/dspace-rest.git</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; jersey isn't my preferred technology, but its the most standard "reference implementation", that its better to just use that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz: the downside is.. the more you "go alone" the more you have to "maintain alone" :)  But, I understand the need for small teams to go get stuff done quickly on their own. It's just good to loop back in the "bigger community" on the work every once in a while for feedback</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz : yea, to be clear, I wasn't disrespecting your choice of Jersey.  Just wanted to make it known what Fedora 4 is using, in case it's of interest to anyone :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Jersey seems fine though.. I know it's widely used</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; anybody who wants to play with this code, it's on GitHub, and know that you'll be welcomed, especially if you come ready to code :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; We're still figuring out use-cases, and needing that to be written. "As a __________, I want _________, so that _____________"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Tricky things that I want are scopes. /communites/123/collections, so you get the subset of collections, only within comm:123</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I also wanted to experiement with using Google Groups. I don't like sourceforge mailing list archive</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Use cases are probably something that folks on main DSpace lists would be glad to help with...as long as we get that basic "template" posted to the Wiki that folks can use to add their own use cases.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; PeterDietz: I'm wondering if you though about or heard any feedback on using Solr (search core) as part of the API and only implementing the rest (no pun intended) of it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; SourceForge mailing lists are a constant pain, I agree.  The only reasons we've stuck with them is that (1) It's hard to migrate them to Google Groups, and (2) Once you are in Google Groups, you are currently stuck. There is no way to migrate a Google Group elsewhere.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Google Groups are a bit laggy, too, on the e-mail side</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; So, breadth-first vs depth-first.. I want to get all resources as an endpoint. /communities /collections /items /bitstreams, and to just spit out their basics</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; You mean use the discovery-core of SOLR as the datastore, I suppose we could get there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I would like the API to be fast.. Just a moment ago I ran AB at it, and it died after 100 new Context() calls, since I wasn't re-using</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ...but maybe put up DAO as a first class citizen of DSpace. Where write's use hibernate, and fire re-index operations on the SOLR index. Then reads, can all be under-the-scenes performed by the faster index</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; PeterDietz: correct, Solr already makes accessible a huge part of the API and many people may already be familiar with it because it's widely used</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue has gotta head out in a bit.  Obviously we're well into "overtime" here &amp; just in the post-discussion period of the meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'll move the REST discussion to dspace-devel. I've gotta head out.. And go grocery shopping with the fam</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds great.  Thanks for all the research you've started, PeterDietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDie_ (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-110-134.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@128.146.173.70) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDie_ (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-110-134.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161251.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has left #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>