<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-129-94-92.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-129-94-92.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-129-94-92.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* fasseg (~fas@HSI-KBW-078-043-007-220.hsi4.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies1 (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@cm102.epsilon176.maxonline.com.sg) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@cm102.epsilon176.maxonline.com.sg) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* fasseg (~fas@HSI-KBW-078-043-007-220.hsi4.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C154B1.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (a@195.113.97.174) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all...welcome back after the holidays.  It's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Mtg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; agenda up at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-01-09">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-01-09</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2013-01-09 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-01-09">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-01-09</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; before we get started today...I did want to note that Joao has started some DAO implementation work (in case folks didn't see it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd highly recommend we all take a few moments in the next week or so to look it over.  I'm not sure we'll get to discuss it today, but I definitely want us to review it, in the hopes of getting some/most into 4.0 next year</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; See DS-1438 &amp; Pull #161 for more info</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1438">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1438</a> ] - [#DS-1438] DAO implementation - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; [2013 is now *this* year]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha..yea, still getting used to that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "into 4.0 later THIS year"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, but the main topic for today is the new JIRA workflow changes, which as mentioned (via email) are now in place: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/JIRA+Workflow+Improvements">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/JIRA+Workflow+Improvements</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ JIRA Workflow Improvements - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/JIRA+Workflow+Improvements">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/JIRA+Workflow+Improvements</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Joao asked for help with the DAO work, too. I think it's mostly implementing the previously present methods in the DAO "style".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks, helix84.  Yea, to reiterate, I definitely don't think DAO Implementation is something one person can do alone.  We'd want to review Joao's work so far, and if we all want this in 4.0, we'd need to work together to make it happen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; switching back over to JIRA Workflow stuff...as I mentioned via email, during our migration to the new Workflow setup, we had to revert some tickets back to "Received" state.  Tickets in this state are essentially in our "backlog".  We need to manually review them to move them on in the workflow (or close them, if they are now obsolete)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; here's that backlog: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+status+%3D+Received+ORDER+BY+priority+DESC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+status+%3D+Received+ORDER+BY+priority+DESC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+status+%3D+Received+ORDER+BY+priority+DESC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+status+%3D+Received+ORDER+BY+priority+DESC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; heli84 (thanks to him) already did a bit of work on the backlog...I've chipped in some too.  It used to be at around 300 tickets, but is now down to 234.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-118.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, the big question is...how do we want to continue tackling this backlog.  We could restart our "JIRA review" part of these meetings (and tackle this new backlog gradually), or we can all try and chip in more immediately and see if we can tackle it more rapidly in coming weeks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm sure there's other options out there too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'd like to avoid us losing time on maintenance work during DevMtgs, the time here is scarce already</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; this can be mostly done individually</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think many/most could be done individually...though I'm sure there will be the occasional ticket that we feel needs some broader discussion in this mtg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; maybe a bounty on work done on the backlog?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thank you helix84 and tdonohue for working on the backlog, that is actually a pretty good reduction</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it's just a matter of us all making some effort though to review tickets individually (on our own)...either that, or we schedule a separate mtg to work together (in IRC) and just get through as much as we can manage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: agreed, i skipped some (for the reason i told you today). the strategy i suggest is to cut down the number first by individual work and then maybe discuss the rest together.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the jira reviews are productive.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hi mdiggory, long time no see</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think that helix84 is talking about RE-review of issues that had to revert to "received".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; maybe designate a "backlog hour", a time of day where we show up in IRC to whittle away at this list?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: see the log of the beginning of this meeting, I think you'll want to look at the mentioned DAO work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, to mhwood's point, the "received" tickets are obviously now a mixture of "old, open tickets" (which likely already were reviewed and just need re-categorization), and "new, unreviewed tickets" (which need eyes and possible discussion).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: how about starting with it one hour before the regular DevMtgs, that way we can discuss any results/doubts during the normal DevMtg with a wider audience</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; helix84, I'd be up with that, although I think that's Tim's office hours</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; also, lately, with workload, tracking all the activity can be challenging</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; having someone regularly go through and alert committers to tasks they maybe should be aware of would help keep things off floor</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so a meeting beforehand might separate the wheat from the chaft</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: don't worry, i'm picking up the interesting bits for you ;) not all the xmlui bugs that need to be fixed :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger -- that was what I was hinting at... some sort of "backlog hour"  in IRC where we can try and decrease the list faster together (and it gives everyone the excuse of saying "Oh, sorry, got a meeting then"...though if you had something more important show up, no need to jump into the "backlog hour")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; My "Office Hours" are essentially "null &amp; void" :)  No one ever really showed up....so, we can reuse that time as needed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue, I think every work day would be great fun, actually</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If office hours and backlog hour conflict, we *do* have two channels....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I still block off that "office hours" time on my own calendar just in case...so, I do have it free...no one just ever took me up on that yet)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- very true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; aschweer: welcome, please read about DAO in today's log: <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2013-01-09">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2013-01-09</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot ] - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2013-01-09">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2013-01-09</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; IRC backlog hour could be in #dspace.  If anyone shows up for my office hours it happens in #duraspace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I definitely think backload hour should be in the unlogged channel, yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: just as i imagined it :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; back-log, that is... ugh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; have the loadregistries code in another window... curse these fingers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: you should remind us of the backlog hour in your "DSpace Developers Meeting Today" emails ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes that btw -- if anyone of you ever did have something to discuss during my "office hours" timeframe...I'm still available.  I just stopped advertising it though, as no one really showed up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd be glad to change my email template for "DSpace Developers Meeting" to include backlog hour...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, is that the approach we'd like to take then?  "JIRA Backlog Hour" is Weds @19:00UTC in #dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; for the record, i'm glad that you have the office hours, if only to know that it's time when you're available</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; what about the half-hour of reviews during DevMtg? I'd keep it, mostly to look for volunteers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We can still do some JIRA reviews during DevMtg.   During the "Backlog Hour" we could identify tickets needing more discussion..   Eventually, once the "backlog" is whittled down, we could move JIRA reviews back to first 15-20 mins of DevMtg if we wanted.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, the "Backlog Hour" may be a temporary meeting...once the backlog is essentially "gone" or much smaller, we can decide whether we still need that separate "Backlog Hour"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds like a plan.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Assuming others are in agreement?  Gotten a bit quiet here in the last few minutes ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I do like the idea of using the office hours slot for this, functionally we'll actually be staffing the office (and not just Tim)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I'm not sure how often I can make it for that timeslot (8-9am here and I start work at 9am), but I like the idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  Done.  We'll start this next week (and I'll add the reminder to my weekly mtg email).   So, Jan 16 we'll have both a "Backlog Hour" (19:00UTC in #dspace) and "DevMtg" (20:00UTC in #duraspace)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aschweer -- understandable. no worries...we'll still bring the "important to discuss" tickets over to the DevMtg.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; thanks and I can always read the irc logs too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. So, are there any other questions related to JIRA Workflow stuff in general?   (I'd still encourage folks to individually categorize some tickets if you get the chance as well)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I just want to say that we can categorize all we want, but we also need to assign some issues and start working on them! :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh...I forgot...on the agenda, I had noted that helix84 had asked me what to do about tickets that "need discussion" before they really can be categorized.  It sounds like the appropriate thing to do is to bring them to the DevMtg for discussion. We also could tag/label them as "needs discussion" if they don't fit well into any other bucket yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 -- yea, that too.  Grab some tickets while you are at it ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; just remember: whomever is looking at the backlog gets to pick all the interesting stuff :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; about "needs discussion",</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; the new buckets we have are "needs details" (from reporter) and "needs volunteer". but some issues can't be immediately put into either bucket, because the suggestion just might be a bad idea. so we need to discuss whether we want to actually work on it (or how).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; and we don't yet have a "needs discussion" Jira state, so the question was how to communicate this state (leave as "received", add a label or add a jira state)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; To clarify -- "more details needed" can either mean we need more details from reporter OR we are setting the ticket aside cause we want feedback/use cases from DCAT.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: that would work, but we need to cummunicate clearly who we're waiting on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 -- yea, the expectation is that we add a comment to explain what details are needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Two targets :== two states / flag values</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: there's still the current "received" state</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well, we could essentially "tag" things as "DCAT" if we wanted to separate out "more details needed" from DCAT versus from the reporter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; IOW how do we ask Jira:  which issues are waiting for discussion by developers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And the like.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Jira, which issues are waiting for clarification from the submitter?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: good point, so it shouldn't be a comment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Siri, is my pizza here yet? :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we can start using some tags for things like that.  My goal is not to create tons of states...rather we could create some buckets and perhaps get more specific via tags/labels.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; By "tags", I'm actually meaning "labels" : <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS#selectedTab=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.project%3Alabels-heatmap-panel">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS#selectedTab=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.project%3Alabels-heatmap-panel</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS#selectedTab=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.project%3Alabels-heatmap-panel">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS#selectedTab=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.project%3Alabels-heatmap-panel</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; For example, helix84 has been labeling some tickets as "has-patch" and "has-pull-request"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; has-pull-request : <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+10100+AND+labels+%3D+has-pull-request">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+10100+AND+labels+%3D+has-pull-request</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+10100+AND+labels+%3D+has-pull-request">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+10100+AND+labels+%3D+has-pull-request</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We could do similar things for "needs-discussion" or "DCAT" or similar</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; this is just a brainstorm...feel free to disagree ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We could.  The point is to be able to get JIRA to help us sift them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; right...well, once something has a label in JIRA, you can create a query that says:    JIRA, Show me all the tickets in the "more info needed" state, labeled "DCAT".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The tags then explain (among other things) why an issue cannot advance.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so we'd agree to avoid a new Jira state. labels are one option. the other option is leaving it in the "received" state. are there any benefits/drawbacks of one approach over the other?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If it's not in Received, what state would it be blocked in?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; needs more info + needs-discussion/DCAT label</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK.  It's also useful to be able to filter "issues that have not been looked at".  Current state diagram seems to say that Received state is that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd suggest things needing more discussion by Committers could be:   "Received" + "needs-discussion" label (It could remain in "Received" cause we don't know where to move it to yet &amp; we just marked it as needing discussion in a DevMtg).    Things needing discussion by DCAT could be: "Needs more Info" + "DCAT" label (as the Committers need more info from DCAT)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; fine with me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that's just an idea... I always saw these "states" as referring to what the *Committers* need to proceed.   So, "More Details Needed" means the Committers need more details (from someone)..."Volunteer Needed" means the Committers need a volunteer to work on it.  "Accepted" means that a Committer has accepted the task &amp; is starting work on it...etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I do agree that we may wish to clarify how we want to use these various "states".  To avoid confusion and accidental mis-categorization</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Suggestion:  actually consolidate more.  Merge "needs details" and "needs volunteer" into "needs something".  Add tags to say what it needs:  DCAT attention, detail from submitter, volunteer, developer discussion....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; sorry, gotta run off to another meeting. bye all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Issue goes to Accepted when it has everything it needs for someone to be working on it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- I actually thought about that..but then decided that I kinda liked the "More details needed" vs. "Volunteer needed" as it makes the status of the ticket more easy to understand to a layperson (DSpace community member / repo manager watching it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "Needs something" was just too vague</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; "Blocked"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that's too negative sounding in my mind... but maybe it's just me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I also think that DCAT really likes the idea of the "More details needed" state, cause it lets them concentrate on a smaller segment of tickets a bit more easily</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, I'd be in favor of just leaving these states as-is, unless we had a very good reason otherwise....and just use labels to get more specific as needed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; fine with me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It just seems like we're creating sub-states without a coherent design.  An issue can be Received if nobody has seen it or if somebody decided that it needs discussion.  Why isn't the latter a first-class state like Needs Volunteer?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I don't see why some issues advance to a blocked state and others just sit where they are and are flagged to be blocked.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood...well, the other option is to just send all "Needs Discussion" tickets to "More Details Needed" and label them as "needs-discussion" in that state.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: i'd say because we need to distinguish whose input we're waiting for, but not add too many states</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; similar situation as with has-patch/has-pull-request - not enough difference to grant a state, but useful to distinguish</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; has-patch, has-pull-request are not mutually exclusive.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we could do:  Tickets needing Committer Discussion -&gt; "More Details Needed" + "needs-discussion" .... Tickets needing DCAT Discussion/feedback -&gt; "More Details Needed" + "use-cases" OR "DCAT"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Before the end of the meeting time, I would like to point out the following proposal which was also presented to DCAT in the last meeting, they are reviewing it, and having committer feedback would be beneficial as well. <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Proposal+For+Metadata+Enhancement">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Proposal+For+Metadata+Enhancement</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Proposal For Metadata Enhancement - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Proposal+For+Metadata+Enhancement">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Proposal+For+Metadata+Enhancement</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; but then neither are needs more details from submitter/DCAT/developers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If an issue can have several attributes at the same time, they are not states.  If an attribute excludes others, it's a state.  Does that work?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: agreed. but we also want to avoid proliferation of states because it makes things hard to understand to the mentioned laymen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Actually I'm arguing for *removing* a state and replacing it with a nonexclusive attribute.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; This issue can't proceed yet.  It needs some subset of (detail, discussion, DCAT).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Oops, (detail, discussion, DCAT, volunteer).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: that's what we had before this change - the Received/Open/Acceped states</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Essentially, we've split "Open" into "More Details Needed", "Volunteer Needed" and "Accepted".   So, one big bucket became three</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I still prefer keeping "More Details Needed" separate from "Volunteer Needed".  The Former means action is required *by someone else* (possibly non-Committer) before we can move forward.  The latter means we just lack resources to move forward...so we can use it as a tool to try and get more Committers pulled in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ah.  I'm thinking of "sufficient information" as one of the resources.  This may explain something.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cbeer (cbeer@2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fedf:a498) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- it's not the same though...stuff in "Volunteer Needed" is essentially "ready to go"...we just need to track down a developer somewhere...and that's the stuff that we can encourage folks to "get their feet wet with" and possibly become newly nominated Committers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Whereas, the stuff in "More Details Needed" may be too big or "blue sky" to even dig into without much clearer use cases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; An issue could acquire a volunteer *before* it has enough detail or discussion or whatever.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jjjjj (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it could...but I'd argue it's harder to find a developer for stuff that's too "blue sky"... you need to find a real go-getter, who'd be willing to dig use cases out of others, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; anyways...that's my general thinking on these two states.  If everyone else feels the other approach is better, we can try it.  I just worry we'll get push back from DCAT &amp; others who seemed to like the specificity of the state names</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, I've already made this take too long, I won't continue to press the point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; btw...I have to bow out now.  I have another meeting coming up in 5 minutes, unfortunately</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: honestly, i didn't understand what proposal you're making</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue is heading off to another meeting....going into lurking mode.  Will still check back later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Needs to run until next week !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C154B1.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The proposal was:  merge the "X needed" states, define tags to specify things that are needed, advance to Accepted when all the needs have been met.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i see. like i said, that's what we had before (sans the labels).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I guess I mean that we needed the labels, not more states.  That, and to work over the names of the states.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jjjjj (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But I'm done arguing; I just didn't want to leave anyone wondering what I was even talking about. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; no problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Mulling over dim memories of discrete-event simulation or PERT charts or something.  A transaction has to collect certain things to advance beyond this station....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hmmm, the issue's point of view is probably not the right one.  It requires adding things that the issue doesn't care about.  I'd better quiet down now and think.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; One should generally consider taking a break when on starts to attribute human emotions such as caring to objects / data.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Really?  If objects have concerns, then they're concerned. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; that reminds me with kshepherd's "treat people as objects" quote in his presentation (+do not take human relationship advice from software developers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'd be concerned if an object had concerns</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; s/with/of/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; helix84 meant to say: that reminds me of kshepherd's "treat people as objects" quote in his presentation (+do not take human relationship advice from software developers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe these are not human emotions, but mechanical emotions with human analogues.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; OOP did some serious damage to your brain :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; bottle in front of me is preferred to a...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Do androids dream of electric sheep?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If we instructed them to dream, maybe they would.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; terrible book, wonderful movie</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; hey, helix84, you know how I was saying I'd like to try tinkering with the canonicalize method in DatabaseManager.java? Guess what? It already does exactly what I was thinking of doing...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/storage/rdbms/DatabaseManager.java#L847">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/storage/rdbms/DatabaseManager.java#L847</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/storage/rdbms/DatabaseManager.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/storage/rdbms/DatabaseManager.java#L847">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/storage/rdbms/DatabaseManager.java#L847</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oh, wait, that's table names...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Eww.  canonicalize() (and a hundred other places) should be abstract, deferring to PostgresDatabaseManager, OracleDatabaseManager, etc. to provide the implementation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; see also DAO implementation work ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; aha, <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/storage/rdbms/ColumnInfo.java#L152">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/storage/rdbms/ColumnInfo.java#L152</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/storage/rdbms/ColumnInfo.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/storage/rdbms/ColumnInfo.java#L152">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/storage/rdbms/ColumnInfo.java#L152</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (seriously, the DAO stuff from Joao is looking promising at a glance..and gets us out of the "if(Oracle)" ugliness in DatabaseManager and elsewhere...)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I intend to give the DAO stuff a serious looksee, as soon as I finish squishing this bug</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; is that your Oracle issue, hpottinger...just that ColumnInfo doesn't canonicalize() properly?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: not sure, just going on a hunch, but figured it couldn't hurt to make the canonicalize "smart" about speaking Oracle</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep yep...well it's a promising hunch, considering the Oracle errors you are seeing all relate to "Column not found"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; if that "fixes it" then I'll know that we're missing a canonicalize step somewhere</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; glad to see the exact logic I was thinking of using at <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/storage/rdbms/DatabaseManager.java#L847">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/storage/rdbms/DatabaseManager.java#L847</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/storage/rdbms/DatabaseManager.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/storage/rdbms/DatabaseManager.java#L847">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/storage/rdbms/DatabaseManager.java#L847</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; ColumnInfo.canonicalize() should just pass the buck to DatabaseManager.canonicalize()?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; not sure about *should*, pretty sure I'm not qualified to answer.... but it doesn't</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That would do what I think you want, and avoid having two separate copies of identical ugliness.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Oh, this is just an experiment, aesthetics are of no concern, don't plan on committing this code anyway (famous last words, I know)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; well... mhwood, I may have to do it your way after all... ColumnInfo does not have a handy isOracle flag...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Bad enough that one of them does.  I hope it works, but I've got to go.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-129-94-92.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-118.west.biz.rr.com) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (a@195.113.97.174) has left #duraspace</span><br />
