<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2013-01-16
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[1:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jonathangee (~jonathang@blk-142-16-43.eastlink.ca) Quit (Quit: ZNC - <a href="http://znc.in)">http://znc.in)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jonathangee (~jonathang@blk-142-16-43.eastlink.ca) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@cm102.epsilon176.maxonline.com.sg) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@cm102.epsilon176.maxonline.com.sg) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-gibson.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-gibson.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-gibson.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-gibson.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@cm102.epsilon176.maxonline.com.sg) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@cm102.epsilon176.maxonline.com.sg) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* fasseg (~fas@HSI-KBW-078-043-007-220.hsi4.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@cm102.epsilon176.maxonline.com.sg) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@cm102.epsilon176.maxonline.com.sg) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* fasseg (~fas@HSI-KBW-078-043-007-220.hsi4.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@195.113.97.174) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue1 (~tdonohue@67.177.111.99) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Disconnected by services)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue1 is now known as tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C154B1.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's DSpace DevMtg time. Here's today's agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-01-16">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-01-16</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2013-01-16 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-01-16">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-01-16</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First off, just wanted to (re-)mention that we're now holding a "JIRA Backlog Hour" just before this meeting (starting around 19:00UTC) in #dspace.  Anyone who wants to join us is welcome.  The goal is obviously to work through our JIRA backlog a bit more rapidly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll be doing that "JIRA Backlog Hour" every Weds @ 19:00 UTC in #dspace... at least until we start to get that backlog under control.  Folks are also more than welcome to help dig through some old tickets at other times too.  Any help is appreciated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; in any case...on to today's agenda.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'll just say I was late to Backlog Hour today, but it was still fun, and there was very little swearing :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; first off, I just wanted to put in a placeholder here for any 3.0 or 3.1 updates anyone may have.  I know we still have some tickets/bug fixes being worked on by several folks... just wanting to check in and see if there are any updates to talk about</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I've been adding comments to DS-1435 as I come up with anything that looks like a clue...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1435">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1435</a> ] - [#DS-1435] DSpace 3.0 Oracle compatibility - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, it sounds like that ticket is still being a pain.  Do we really just need someone else to try 3.0 + Oracle?  I'm wondering whether this is truly verified as a bug for everyone or not?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yes, there were complints about oracle not working with 3.0, i just don't remember if the issues are already correctly identified in Ds-1435 or not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I also blundered across the zip file containing the install files for Oracle 11.2 on Mac, if anyone wants them I can share them (Oracle no longer distributes this zip file)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I'm always interested in the zip files to install oracle on Mac although I don't know if I can find the time to fix it â€¦.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I guess I'm just trying to ask what help is needed here?  Do we need more verification that this is a bug?  Is it sufficiently verified already and we really need folks who know Oracle well?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; it's surely verified that there are people who can't use 3.0 with oracle and had to go with postgres for now :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I can verify that DSpace 3.0+ is not working for multiple Oracle back ends, just I'm concentrating on testing using my own Oracle instance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, thanks hpottinger. that's what I was wondering</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm just puzzled myself cause it doesn't seem like *any* of this area of the code changed between 1.8 -&gt; 3.0, and yet 1.8 works on Oracle and 3.0 does not work on Oracle.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: would it be of any help to you to have people who are trying to tun 3.0 on oracle to contact you?]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yes, a roll call on DS-1435 would be great, don't have to contact me, can just comment on the ticket, even just a confirmation that an attempt has been made would be helpful</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1435">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1435</a> ] - [#DS-1435] DSpace 3.0 Oracle compatibility - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to commenting on the ticket itself.  That way we can better track who is hitting this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so Ds-1435 is still outstanding &amp; just needs some more help.   Are there any other updates anyone has related to either 3.0 or 3.1?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Any news on that GPL artifact that we need to replace?  A CSV library or some such?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; No news on the CSV library, currently attempting to fix <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1449">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1449</a> but to no avail :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [#DS-1449] missing related items feature (xmlui) - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1449">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1449</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1449">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1449</a> ] - [#DS-1449] missing related items feature (xmlui) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; sorry, I typo'd the version I'm using above, to cross my Ts, I'm using Oracle 10.2.0.4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sorry to hear about troubles on Ds-1449, KevinVdV.  Is there any help you need?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I believe I'm the solr expert â€¦. &amp; since we are handing all the correct parameters to solr â€¦.. I'm afraid this is something I will have to find. Although if anybody else wants to take a look feel free</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea..you are more expert at Solr than I :)  Just thought I'd ask though...not sure if anyone else here has some Solr chops they want to exercise</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; KevinVdV: is it possible that Andreas Discovery for JSPUI broke it? If it seems so, it may be helpful to ask him.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I already looked at that, this is part of the problem but not everything is caused by this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it sounds like, in general, we still have a lot of fixes "in progress" for the upcoming 3.1 release.  Which means obviously we'll just keeping working towards fixing them, and hold off on scheduling 3.1 for now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (Oh, and for the record, that CSV library issue mentioned about is DS-1407.  But, as KevinVdV mentioned, there's no updates on it yet)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1407">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1407</a> ] - [#DS-1407] Refactor SOLR Statistics to use OpenCSV or Apache Commons CSV - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Yes that is me also :D</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; FYI: currently in the process of moving to the house I just bought hence I have very little time to fix these things â€¦. should be fully operational again in a week or 2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.. I had left a space on the agenda here to talk about GitHub Pull Requests &amp; rebasing.  I had just noticed a lot of confusion off &amp; on in GitHub PR comments...so, I was wondering if we need to try and document this better?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Please.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Although I also noticed helix84 &amp; mhwood started discussing this in a Pull today: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/164#issuecomment-12310599">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/164#issuecomment-12310599</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-1085] EPerson last_active field is defined but never filled by mwoodiupui Â· Pull Request #164 Â· DSpace/DSpace Â· GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/164#issuecomment-12310599">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/164#issuecomment-12310599</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I guess I should also state that :  I am not a rebasing expert &amp; have barely even played with it &amp; also often gotten frustrated with it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'd be glad to explain what I know, but I'm not sure what needs documenting - we might do a problem-&gt;solution chapter, but we need to formulate the problems first.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm not sure I have any answers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well...I think part of what could use documenting is this:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1. Someone submits a pull request...and it has one of those ugly "merge" commits that really shouldn't be there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Problem from my POV:  I know what I used to do with SVN to coordinate with others, but how does that procedure translate to git?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2. How do you rebase it cleanly?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: I just explained that in the last comment - create a new branch, rebase in it, publish it and make a pull request from it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 3. How do you know you've addressed colliding commits from others without one of those ugly merge commits?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: that question is too generic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; 3. that would be adressed by having your master branch up-to-date before rebasing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood.  For the record, the GitHub processes I use are the ones I documented here under "Developing from a Forked Repository" <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git#DevelopmentwithGit-SampleGitDevelopmentWorkflows">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git#DevelopmentwithGit-SampleGitDevelopmentWorkflows</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Development with Git - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git#DevelopmentwithGit-SampleGitDevelopmentWorkflows">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git#DevelopmentwithGit-SampleGitDevelopmentWorkflows</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Will read that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Though, as mentioned, I didn't document anything around rebasing...As I'm still starting to understand it better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I'm still a bit fuzzy on how to rebase stuff...sometimes I've gotten it to work fine...other times, something odd happens and I get frustrated with it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: remember that rebasing can go beyond just one command, just like merging (there's git-rebase --abort)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: so you can have a repository with an unfinished rebase - that can complicate stuff a bit if you forget about it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 -- yea, I know it can..still rebase just sometimes gets me confused and I end up in a detached head state or similar...   So, I was just noting myself that it'd be nice to see some good examples of how &amp; when to do rebases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; also remember that branches are cheap, so if you need to experiment with rebasing, just create a new branch first</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; See, using SVN, it was drilled into us to always 'svn update' before 'svn commit'.  'svn update' -&gt; 'git pull'.  But that adds a commit that people dislike.  So I need a way to find out if I need to fix collisions before I push.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I use something like this to show the current branch in my prompt -- it's really helpful: <a href="https://github.com/jimeh/git-aware-prompt">https://github.com/jimeh/git-aware-prompt</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ jimeh/git-aware-prompt Â· GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/jimeh/git-aware-prompt">https://github.com/jimeh/git-aware-prompt</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: now I see what you mean. I answered that in the last comment, though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aschweer -- that seems like a simple, handy tool to be aware of :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; it's super-useful in the middle of non-straightforward rebases... I use rebases more than I should</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ah, there's more....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I also use this tool to keep me out of trouble: <a href="https://github.com/geelen/git-smart">https://github.com/geelen/git-smart</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ geelen/git-smart Â· GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/geelen/git-smart">https://github.com/geelen/git-smart</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; mhwood: git fetch follwed by a diff might help you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, helix84...maybe it'd just be useful to try and turn that last comment (<a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/164#issuecomment-12333664)">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/164#issuecomment-12333664)</a> into some rebasing hints on our "Development with Git" wiki page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-1085] EPerson last_active field is defined but never filled by mwoodiupui Â· Pull Request #164 Â· DSpace/DSpace Â· GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/164#issuecomment-12333664)">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/164#issuecomment-12333664)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; +1 to documenting this elsewhere than in the irc logs...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; in general, I'd like to try and encourage us ALL to share tips/hints/cool tools on that wiki page (or a subpage, if it's worth adding a separate page)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: that one I can do, of course. But in general I'd try to avoid documenting generic stuff that you can find by just googling - there's plenty of documentation and howtos for git online.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 -- yea, but it's still helpful to add in a few notes while we are getting familiar with stuff (and even link off to resources elsewhere).  What I find on Google is not always clear :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; helix84 that's exactly the problem: there is so much out there that it's not straightforward to figure out what applies. Plus there are different development models</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; and I personally sure would like a chance to read up on the rules before being told off in a pull request</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; aschweer: +1 There's such thing as too much information for beginners.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Problem is that it *is* generic.  We need to all be doing things the same way.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; mhwood +1 (or at least in a compatible way)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 mhwood -- we need not do things *exactly* the same..but it's good to have some tips / best practices</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; well, we're dealing with things as they come. if we run into an unfamiliar situation like this one, we figure it out and document it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Need to run â€¦. until next week !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, that makes sense.  We've obviously hit the point where we need to document rebasing :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C154B1.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; tdonohue:  a problem with your procedure is that I can only push up one project at a time, since they all go into master.  I want to request pulls from topics.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: all I'm saying is that rebasing is a huge topic. I'll document "don't merge master branch into feature branch - do a rebase instead"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 -- yea, I think that's all I'm asking for.  Not documenting every aspect of rebasing...just the one or two aspects we use most</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: that's not a problem unless they conflict</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood : not sure I understand, though helix84 must as he answered</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: i mean unless the two feature branches change the same thing in a different way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; helix84 the way I'm seeing this is, don't document too much about rebasing as such, rather document _how we expect contributors to use / not use it_</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It is if I have two pull requests from the same (master) branch.  Each pulls both requests' commits.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aschweer +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; aschweer +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: (pull requests are _to_ the upstream/master branch) but yes, that's no problem unless the feature branches conflict</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; though, if you feel so moved, linking to additional reading about rebasing would be encouraged and appreciated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; mhwood: not sure I'm understanding you right -- the pull request comes from the feature branch, as in "I request you to pull this feature into master"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; so I guess what's missing on tdonohue's wiki page is "and here is where you make the pull request" ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood : I'm not sure I understand completely either.  Maybe we need to understand your normal processes better?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Take a look at <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git#DevelopmentwithGit-SampleGitDevelopmentWorkflows.">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git#DevelopmentwithGit-SampleGitDevelopmentWorkflows.</a>  If I'm reading it right, I'm to merge my topic to *my* master and then request a pull from there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Development with Git - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git#DevelopmentwithGit-SampleGitDevelopmentWorkflows.">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git#DevelopmentwithGit-SampleGitDevelopmentWorkflows.</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; mhwood: no, you request the pull request from the feature branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; after step 6, pretty much</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: no, that's wrong</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, the "Creating the Pull Request" part is further down that wiki page (and needs more filling out...it was mostly just a "stub"): <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git#DevelopmentwithGit-ContributingChanges/PatchestoDSpaceviaGitHub">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git#DevelopmentwithGit-ContributingChanges/PatchestoDSpaceviaGitHub</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Development with Git - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git#DevelopmentwithGit-ContributingChanges/PatchestoDSpaceviaGitHub">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git#DevelopmentwithGit-ContributingChanges/PatchestoDSpaceviaGitHub</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: making a pullrequest from origin/master to upstream/master is discouraged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; tdonohue: yup I meant, at least at a quick glance I can't see whether you say _when_ to make the pull request</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; helix84: yes, that's what I would have thought.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: about those parallel pull requests - i think you need to spend a little time looking at gitk-style graphs and a lot will be immediately clear</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aschweer : yea, I may not.  I created these docs as I was *first learning* Git/GitHub.  Feel free to suggest or make updates :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I'm happy to write up my process for my most recent pull request if anyone is interested. I just don't know whether I did the right thing with it, especially with pull request to master vs pull request to 3.x branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd like to see it myself, aschweer.  I'm admittedly not sure whether my processes are as "clean" as they could be.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yes, step 7 is wrong, that is actually discouraged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; helix84 not necessarily -- I think origin in tdonohue's text is _his fork_</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; correct...those steps are using my own fork (tdonohue/DSpace).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; aschweer: right, what i'm saying is that we discourage making pull requests from origin/master to upstream/master</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Look at what "developing from a forked repository" says.  Work in a branch, push your branch, when finished merge to your master to share.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; if anyone changes the wiki with updated best practices, please ping the mail lists, thanks! :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood...Oh, I see the confusion here now...actually, I can see it can be misinterpreted that way..but it's not what I meant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm missing a clarification step here...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; #6 -&gt; Push your branch to GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; #7 -&gt; If you want to generate a Pull Request for this code, generate it from the branch pushed in #6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; #8 -&gt; If you DON'T want to generate a Pull Request for this code, you can merge it back into your own Master (this was the OLD #7)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; tdonohue: yes, I think this would help a lot</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, that's what I was getting at.  If you issue concurrent pull requests from the same branch (for example, origin/master) then they get tangled up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: that's right. i think you mistakenly wrote master branch instead of origin repo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok...that's an easy fix.  I didn't realize it could even be misunderstood that way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I can make an update like that to the wiki after this meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; mhwood: I think github actually won't let you make multiple pull requests with the same source/target. But making your pull request from the feature branch fixes that :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; aschweer: yes, that's the reason for making pull requests from feature branches and discouraging them from master</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* joaomelo (~DSpace@bl23-32-119.dsl.telepac.pt) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hi joao</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So, back to my actual question:  how to identify colliding commits between my work and upstream without merging?  The only way I've found so far is to always try to rebase.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: does this answer it? <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/164#issuecomment-12333664">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/164#issuecomment-12333664</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-1085] EPerson last_active field is defined but never filled by mwoodiupui Â· Pull Request #164 Â· DSpace/DSpace Â· GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/164#issuecomment-12333664">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/164#issuecomment-12333664</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* joaomelo (~DSpace@bl23-32-119.dsl.telepac.pt) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And we all know rebasing is evil, it says so everywhere...so I was looking for another way.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: that's not correct. only rebasing _published_ branches is evil.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: rebasing local branches is perfectly fine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* joaomelo (~DSpace@bl23-32-119.dsl.telepac.pt) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Forgot to insert ":-)"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Rebasing is essentially on "evil" if you are rebasing a branch someone else has forked &amp; is developing off of.  Rebasing *changes* the history in Git, which is why it is evil to change the history on a branch someone else is using</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; s/on/only/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; tdonohue meant to say: Rebasing is essentially only "evil" if you are rebasing a branch someone else has forked &amp; is developing off of.  Rebasing *changes* the history in Git, which is why it is evil to change the history on a branch someone else is using</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: an alternative to rebasing is good old diff/patch. but essentially, rebasing is a convenience tool that helps you do multiple diffs/patches and even tracks the commit metadata for you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (or at least, that's my understanding of the rebasing = evil point)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; yet another way to make a clean pull request would be to create a fresh branch off upstream/master, then cherry-pick all relevant commits</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Merging or rebasing finds collisions and points them out to you.  Diff just shows them somewhere if there are any.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; right, forgot about that, that's actually what i do most of the time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Anyway, thanks to all your comments, I think I have a way forward.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I guess I'll write a chapter "My feature branch went out of date. Now what?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That's the question!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84++ (that would be awesome)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; (hey, if anyone is in a position to answer questions, we have someone looking for help in #dspace right now)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood : thanks for continually asking tough questions about this...I think it's helpful in getting us all to actually get some best practices in place</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; tdonohue +1 (and mhwood +1)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, I hate doing things wrong, so I have to ask. :-/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1for the lot of ya, too :-) also, thanks aschweer for that bash prompt code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; sorry, gotta run. bye all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok...noticing we're into "overtime" already.  Spent most of the meeting on Git..but, I think it was time well spent.  (I'll get my part of the docs updated to clarify)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; did someone find the time to look at Joao's DAO code?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'd like to close the meeting for today.  We didn't get to talking about Joao's DAO work, but I'd encourage everyone to look at it more closely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I've glanced at it...but haven't spent much time yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think it's looking promising though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; joao, I think it might help if you document what you'd like others to help with (the other 50%)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; it might get someone else involved in the new code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to that. It is still a bit unclear what parts are done &amp; what you need help on.  Letting us know what is not done can help to perhaps find some volunteers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cbeer (cbeer@2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fedf:a498) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cbeer (cbeer@2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fedf:a498) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;joaomelo&gt; it's possible to define more code contribution rules?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; what do you suggest?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; joaomelo : the DSpace Committers are the ones that establish code contribution rules.  We can vote to change/add/remove them at any time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;joaomelo&gt; for example, min unit testing code coverage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;joaomelo&gt; following some programming (good) practices</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; honestly, I don't know how to write testing code. I'd consider writing some if I knew how. And how to test UI code?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We've encouraged folks to do more unit testing code in the past...but, have yet to require it.  Mostly cause we've run into several issues around getting Unit Testing to function properly for dspace-api and other modules.  I know mhwood had done some work to clean it up for 3.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; One problem (for which I continue to kick myself) is that some of our "unit test" code isn't proper unit tests.  UI testing is 'way off in another part of testing-land, for example.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think if we were going to start requiring it, we'd need to first do some legwork on helping people get fully up-to-speed on the recommendations (i.e. provide examples and documentation, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 is going to lurking mode</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I often find that what I've written is more like integration testing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I know for a fact that some committers are more comfortable with unit tests than others...and some just aren't sure what the best practices are, but they'd be willing to write tests if they better understood it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've been bitten hard by the Test-Driven Development bug, but need to develop more and better habits for test building.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: could you look at this test? I hit some race condition in it more than once, but cannot reproduce it reliably. <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1408">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1408</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [#DS-1408] WorkspaceItemTest fails (Timeout trying to lock table "EPERSON") - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1408">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1408</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1408">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1408</a> ] - [#DS-1408] WorkspaceItemTest fails (Timeout trying to lock table &amp;quot;EPERSON&amp;quot;) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's not obvious to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;joaomelo&gt; need to go</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;joaomelo&gt; bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; see ya</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* joaomelo (~DSpace@bl23-32-119.dsl.telepac.pt) Quit (Quit: joaomelo)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The database code is not a place I've spent enough time.  But I wonder about creating a collection and a WorkspaceItem back-to-back without update() or committing the Context.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; In between, I mean.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood.  Just updated my GitHub workflow docs to clarify when you'd create a Pull Request (theres a new #7 step).  Hopefully it makes a bit more sense now: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git#DevelopmentwithGit-DevelopingfromaForkedRepository">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git#DevelopmentwithGit-DevelopingfromaForkedRepository</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Development with Git - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git#DevelopmentwithGit-DevelopingfromaForkedRepository">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git#DevelopmentwithGit-DevelopingfromaForkedRepository</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks, will take a look.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; tdonohue that is much more clear.  But it also combines two procedures:  (a) you are developing for your own use only but may be willing to share, and (b) you are developing something you intend to contribute to upstream via a pull request.  Might it be best to disentangle these into two separate procedures?  Maybe even as two sub-pages.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea...I started to realize that... it is a bit of a mixture of both.  It's hard to disentangle them in some ways, as in my mind they are very parallel, and can even be done together: option (c) you are developing something you intend to contribute upstream but also want to merge immediately into your local code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i.e. it is possible to do steps #7 (send pull request), #8 (local merge), #9 (push local merge to your personal GitHub) all together...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hmmm, in that case you are contributing twice:  once to your local variant and again to DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; *kinda*.  It's more like this...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1) You find a bug in DSpace 3.0.  You need a rapid fix for your production</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2) You create a fix &amp; submit a pull request</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 3) You cannot wait for that pull request to get merged, so you just merge it immediately into your own production code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so..it's is kinda like two contributions -- one to DSpace Central...and one to your own codebase</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, that sort of workflow is also possible in GitHub.  The end result is not an either/or (either pull request, or local use)...it can be both.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; not sure if that makes any sense or not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so... I'm wondering where I should park the installer for Oracle on OSX... I think our general counsel would not be happy with me if I posted them on one of our servers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Probably the way I'd do it is:  (2) create a fix and put it in production; (3) we like it, so submit a PR.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; hpottinger:  are you *positive* that Oracle won't object?  OS distro.s tend to make you go get your own copies of Oracle kits because Oracle won't let them redistribute.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood, I'm actually pretty sure Oracle is exactly the sort of company that would object</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; unfortunately, they no longer distribute this file</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood : and you could do it your way as well...you'd just swap the order of steps... (1) create your bug-fix branch, (2) merge it into your local master &amp; release to production, (3) submit a pull request from that bug-fix branch, (4) clean up bug-fix branch after pull request is accepted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger : stick it up on a Dropbox somewhere...don't public advertise it, but let folks know where it is who want it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i.e. Oracle's not gonna find out if you aren't going around posting publicly, saying: hey all, take a look at what I have! :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; erm... I think I've already let the cat out of the bag here :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I always worry:  what if they *do* find out, because they're actively searching popular sites?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue is googling "Oracle hpottinger"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; This channel is logged....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; attention lawyers: I was just kidding :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hey..what do you know, there's results from this channel :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and, also, lawyers: please ask management to distribute this file, the fact that you don't is L.A.M.E.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Oracle could have half a billion dollars' worth of traded-in Sun boxes scanning the Internet instead of taking up space in a warehouse.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; the key word there is *could*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger head hurts...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yeah, if you want to grow your market share, go where the dev.s are, and a lot of them are on OSx</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood, I think they tried, and it was sooooo painful to get working, they decided to just pull the distribution and not have to deal with the negative social impact</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; even if they did, I doubt they are gonna go around googling hpottinger :)  (Hi Oracle, how are you?  We really think you are swell, but why'd you take down that OSX installer?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; however, this is mostly just me being paranoid</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; thinking the world revolves around me, that kind of thing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; sorry to have interrupted an interesting conversation on testing, you may return to it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well actually I have to leave it, because I need to leave.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no problme</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; sent a plea for help to the dspace-developers list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hopefully you get some hits</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: you should have CCed dspace-tech, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; helix84: thanks, forwarded</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@67.177.111.99) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>