<span class="irc-date">[0:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDie_ (~peterdiet@dietz72m1.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dietz72m1.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dietz72m1.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 272 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jonathangee (~jonathang@blk-222-248-230.eastlink.ca) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dietz72m1.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161244.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bram-atmire (~bram@94-225-35-170.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bram-atmire (~bram@94-225-35-170.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: bram-atmire)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~chatzilla@95.235.215.252) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lo5an_ (~textual@pat-ip-129-15-127-46.fennfwsm.ou.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lo5an_ (~textual@pat-ip-129-15-127-46.fennfwsm.ou.edu) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lo5an_ (~textual@unaffiliated/lo5an) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi All, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Mtg. Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-10-16">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-10-16</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2013-10-16 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-10-16">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-10-16</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamatis (2ebe55ac@gateway/web/freenode/ip.46.190.85.172) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Today is really all about 4.0 Feature PRs.  Last week we reviewed a good portion, and the RT (and a few others) met again on Friday to review even more</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5eaf588c@gateway/web/freenode/ip.94.175.88.140) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The latest status of all the PR reviews is in the pretty 4.0 Tasks page that hpottinger created: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+4.0+Tasks">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+4.0+Tasks</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 4.0 Tasks - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+4.0+Tasks">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+4.0+Tasks</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; At this point though, I'd like to turn things over to an RT member (mhwood, hpottinger, or bollini), as I'm not sure what the latest status is?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I have some update from the jspui side</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; #321 is now in, so we are applying the new look and feel also to new PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; bollini: love the new jspui!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; robint: thanks you!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini++ I agree, it's very nice.  Thanks to the CINECA team and whomever else was involved. :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; #317 #318 #319 are almost completed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I will merge them probably on Friday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we (CINECA and EKT) are also working to rebuild the #306 on top of BTE</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; which integration is in a very good state</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; anyone know why #xxx is not automatically translated to the PR link?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; hello kompewter?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; mhwood: How are you?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: I think we haven't trained "kompewter" to translate #xxx text into PR links</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we need to teach kompewter how to link PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; First, would it be hard to add a live "merged" column to that table?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; RE: kompewter - the complication with linking to PRs is that it's not as "unique".  #306 could mean DSpace PR #306, Fedora PR #306, or any other PR #306.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; live: hard, add: not hard; keep maintained: elbow grease</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: we could teach it to link PR#306</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; it is easy with the github api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger thinks bollini just volunteered.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; is it easy to add JS in confluence, though?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kompewter's code is managed by PeterDietz. It's at: <a href="https://github.com/peterdietz/jenni">https://github.com/peterdietz/jenni</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ peterdietz/jenni Â· GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/peterdietz/jenni">https://github.com/peterdietz/jenni</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; How kompewter would know which Duraspace project was being discussed is an interesting question.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; hpottinger: no really. I can just upgrade the jsFiddle to expose this info</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; it's in dspace@demo.dspace.org:~/kompeweter/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tje Jira module is in modules/dspacejira.py</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Meanwhile, any more news from CINECA and EKT?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; yes... we are also trying to include the old <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/78">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/78</a> in #306</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1252 Initial contribution: (JSP)UI Import from bibliographics database/formats by abollini Â· Pull Request #78 Â· DSpace/DSpace Â· GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/78">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/78</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; just to try to summarize</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; 306: is about a new submission first step where the user can make search, lookup (by identifier) in external database or start a normal submission</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; BTE UI (318) is about a jspui UI for load a file to be processed via BTE (create published item)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; 78: is about load bibliographic file as workspace item using the current user as submitter, no need to be an administrator</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we are trying to put a single UI for 306 + 78 using BTE as processor engine. This will simply configuration and will help dspace administrator to reuse their skill about BTE in different place</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; no other news from my side... but I have chatted a lot with jpiscanc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; actually, BTE will do the transformation from the incoming metadata format to the DSpace one... and it has to be configurable in case a user needs to add more providers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; or add modifiers to modify the incoming records in any sense</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we are trying to meet the final deadline for feature freeze</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; If I may I'd like to post my status updates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; it is ok for you if I and kstamatis agree about the final solution to do the merge on Monday?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Monday is still not past the feature freeze, I think... being the day of feature freeze, yes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; yes, it is the Day</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I hereby declare Monday "unstable master branch day!"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think the general "rule" in the past was that things just needed to be merged by the *end of the day* on the feature freeze day.  So, essentially, feature PRs should be merged before Tuesday, unless an exception has been made</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; end of the day for which timezone ;-) ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 23:59 UTC, correct?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; oceania? :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: generally end-of-day (23:59) in your own timezone. But, I don't think we have a strict time deadline, and I don't think anyone is gonna look that closely as long as it isn't being merged late on Tues or sometime Weds</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; realistically speaking, we just don't want any more feature merges after Monday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok, so  probably I and kstamatis could try to travel around the world on Monday to merge in time :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: sure, if you can afford to charter that flight ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; git is designed to work offline, on airplanes :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; may I post my status updates?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 helix84 status updates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok, my last two update are about PRs from jpiscanc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Please.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; oops sorry</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'll wait for andrea to finish</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/299">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/299</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1656 New attribute Maxlength for input-forms.xml by jpiscanc Â· Pull Request #299 Â· DSpace/DSpace Â· GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/299">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/299</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; this pull request now (it still need some minor cleanup)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; is about add a maxlength attribute to textarea and onebox element</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; so that a textarea can be limited to, say, 100 chars</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; is it something that we want?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; aren't we currently limited by some VARCHAR?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (5eaf588c@gateway/web/freenode/ip.94.175.88.140) Quit (Ping timeout: 250 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; seems reasonable, the DB will enforce the limits, we might as well be friendly about it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; no we use text column in postgres</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; and some blob in oracle</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; maxlength is only for friendly browser</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; configurable limit ++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; if somelse add a +1 I will work with the original submitter to make this in 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; to be clear, my "friendly" comment was a +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I'm 0 with that because not sure that as it is now it is really useful (there is not a countdown for the user)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm a 0, as I think this could also be done other ways (e.g. jquery with a "countdown" like bollini mentions)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; like the SMS characters remaining countdown?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I have to step out for just a moment.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; don't let me forget, I have a 4.0 question</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; tdonohue: I think that the full implementation should be jquery + maxlenght (standard html attribute)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; just need to know if we prefer a partial implementation or nothing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: could be. I haven't looked into it close enough, so I wasn't sure if there were other ways with jquery to add the "maxlength" more dynamically</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5eaf588c@gateway/web/freenode/ip.94.175.88.140) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; to be honest, I'm not gonna fight for or against this. I'm OK with it being added to 4.0.  I just don't know if I'd ever use it myself :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok, my proposal is: I will check tomorrow for comments on the pull request if nobody is against I will try to get that in 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: On second thought, I'd prefer waiting for the countdown. But if you want to proceed with partial implementation, I'd still be fine with it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/297">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/297</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1654 by jpiscanc Â· Pull Request #297 Â· DSpace/DSpace Â· GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/297">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/297</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; this is mainly a bug fix, probably the current solution need rework but there is a bug here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we can fix after 21th October as it is a bug</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; no other news from me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; OK, my updates. First, I apologize that some work I'm doing is after deadline and I hope RT will still grant me some exceptions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; a) DS-1475 Improvement of Collection Dropdown (pre-approved) - based on comments, I tried to implement &lt;optgroup&gt; tags and I got very close, but I got stuck on some Wing issues. I recommend to merge without &lt;optgroup&gt; support shortly, after I implement another simple suggestion from comments (ellipsis in XSLT).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1475">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1475</a> ] - [#DS-1475] Improvement of Collection Dropdown - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; b) I tested <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/309">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/309</a> (pre-approved) and I'm extending it with import functionality as suggested in comments. That is actually DS-1697 and I'm on a good way to solve it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1697: Output policy data to METSRIGHTS only if a policy is effect (by date) by terrywbrady Â· Pull Request #309 Â· DSpace/DSpace Â· GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/309">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/309</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1697">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1697</a> ] - [#DS-1697] Convey effective dates in METSRIGHTS information - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; c) DS-1518 LDAP + StartTLS - I have the code ready, but I currently don't have a LDAP server with TLS support to test it against. Help with testing would be appreciated. As it's not tested, I didn't put up the PR in time, but the change would be quite simple.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1518">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1518</a> ] - [#DS-1518] Support StartTLS in LDAPAuthentication - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; d) I'd like to add ItemCountDAOSolr - my actual implementation is working (it was easier than I expected), I'm just having minor problems with ItemCountDAOFactory. This would be a good match to complete the migration to Solr, but I missed the PR deadline. I hope Andrea would review this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; e) XMLUI language switching links DS-842 - this issue has been open for a really long time and I'd like to put it into 4.0, but the code is not currently mergeable and I haven't started looking at it. I'll try to meet the feature deadline if RT allows.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-842">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-842</a> ] - [#DS-842] Language switch for xmlui and some basic i18n stuff - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I can take a look to the ItemCountDAOSolr implementation, I think it will be useful to have it in 4.0 - is there already a PR? o when do you think it can be ready?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: I should be able to have it ready tomorrow afternoon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; is there a JIRA issue for ItemCountDAOSolr?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; not yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok I will try to review on Friday or Saturday, helix84 will create the jira issue :-) . Are the other RT members ok with that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we smile benevolently on code with associated JIRA issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; in b) I meant to say DS-1514 covers the AIP import functionality not (Ds-1697).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1, as long as it gets in before the end of Merge Monday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I hate slipping deadlines, but I also hate saying "no" to good volunteer work.  Since you are here to argue for it, I guess we can do that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1514">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1514</a> ] - [#DS-1514] Embargo settings on item import - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; thanks, I'll do my best</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it all sounds OK to me, if the RT is OK as well (and it sounds like they are). But, we definitely should try to avoid slipping deadlines</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: would you be interested in working on XMLUI language switching with me?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm not really what you'd call an XMLUI expert :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 suddenly feels surrounded by JSPUI guys :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Heh, I don't consider myself an expert in JSPUI *or* XMLUI.  We'll just have to muddle through somehow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I mean, I *use* the XMLUI...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; funny, since most of you run an XMLUI repo :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 grants mhwood the dspace-api expert title</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I also drive a car :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; helix84:  I'll add that to my LinkedIn profile. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: you know how to run mvn package and how to navigate XMLUI, that's enough to do testing ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oh, you meant help testing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; sure, put me down</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I've been working on a way to automate PR testing in vagrant-dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 prepares a lethal injections but changes his mind and spares the worthy RT member</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Let's see, what else is there?  PR 229 is now PR 331 and is making nice progress from what I see.  This is Updated SWORDv2 module.  Since it's a new PR to replace an existing one that got in before deadline, I think there should be no problem.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; PR 232 "DSpace version command" is in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; what about #323, PeterDietz's REST API on Jersey?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; in the mean time, the new artifact for SWORD 2 has made it into the swordapp group on Sonatype</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; PR 291 (wrong session variable) is in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; oh, the can of worms</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we've pre-approved PR323</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, I know PR323 is pre-approved. Just wondering on Merge status</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; PR 301 is in (that is, the code is out).  Removing a deprecated LNI class.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Pre-approved means...?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; what about SimpleREST, did we consider it? ( I don't remember)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; "pre-approved" means the committers during a PR review meeting decided that it was OK to merge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "Pre-approved" is noted in hpottingers big spreadsheet.  We voted YES/NO on these last week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So it's ready to pull and anyone can just do it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: we discussed SimpleREST vs. Jersey API last week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we have discussed all the PRs last week! :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: yes, and bollini, yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2013-10-09">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2013-10-09</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot ] - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2013-10-09">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2013-10-09</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2013-10-11">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2013-10-11</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot ] - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2013-10-11">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2013-10-11</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; PR 308 is progressing and PR 312 is in.  (DOI support, EZID resp. DataCite API).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PR discussions were all logged in IRC, as hpottinger has linked above</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; PR 307 is in too (needed by 312)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; fyi, bollini is working on a way to track the merges, so I will update the 4.0 tasks pages with the info, as soon as he can pull it from GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue is losing track of what is still "outstanding" / to-be-merged.  Just hoping nothing is gonna accidentally slip through the cracks that we already approved</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I see, I missed the Friday one. It's a pity, because for SimpleREST they agreed to the license change to BSD (working on it) and it has more features than Jersey. They even have some form of AuthN, although we'd need to turn that off.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, thanks, hpottinger &amp; bollini</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Observing from the fringes 4.0 feels like a genuinely exciting release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; robint: it does, I get goosebumps thinking about it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: yes it does. JSPUI redesign and a REST API are great themselves...add about 50 (haven't really counted them) other features/improvements and it's impressive ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It looks like we have one YES which is not also Pre-approved:  PR 196</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 196 is a bug fix, I think</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; True.  Never mind.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; but I will merge it when I'm done testing it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, before I forget: are we ready for a DSDOC4x space?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; you mean 5x?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; well I'll be... it's already there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As a sidenote: Not saying we need to do this now, but it is possible in GitHub itself to assign "milestones" to PRs, so that we can more easily track from GitHub what is remaining to merge.   I could see us assigning a "4.0" or "4.0-ready" milestone for things that are "pre-approved" but just need final cleanup. Then we can more easily see what isn't merged of those pre-approved PRs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We need a milestone glossary, then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; my sidenote is just something to consider in the future. I know it's likely a bit too "late" for 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; we've had 4x since shortly after 3.0. Bram has been doing some hard work on 4.x doc, most notably a reorganization into user docs, admin docs and reference</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: true. Just noting it might be easier to maintain than a wiki page.  there's surely pros/cons for each. just another option.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; this is pretty cool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And that work has not gone un-noticed.  It's looking well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bram-atmire's doc work is excellent</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; if you see something that seems off, do chip in on the documentation work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; there's a JIRA ticket about the doc reorg too, somewhere</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I have tasks for updating the docs at the top of the 4.0 tasks list... pointing to the wrong location (because I copied from helix84's 3.0 task list) and I was having a hard time find the correct links... but now I see we may not even need the reminder, bram-atmire is already on top of things.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Got to go. Cheers all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (5eaf588c@gateway/web/freenode/ip.94.175.88.140) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I have to go.  Is there anything else for me right now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: I'd keep the reminder there. bram is doing some reorg, yes.  But we still need to be sure we don't accidentally forget to review/write the Install, Upgrade, Preface docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; DS-1503</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1503">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1503</a> ] - [#DS-1503] ShibAuthentication depends on use of non-recommended Apache UseHeaders setting - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sorry, I meant DS-1638</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1638">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1638</a> ] - [#DS-1638] DSpace 4 Documentation Hierarchy - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; last time I checked, westill don't have 3.x-&gt;4.x upgrade docs, they are important especially because of the migration to solr by default</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so we we'll need to deprecate things like index-init/index-update</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't have any other topics for today. It sounds like the RT is on top of things, but I'd encourage you all to ask for help if you need it.  Just want to be sure we have enough support in getting all the PRs merged that have been "pre-approved"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, the 4.0 Upgrade Docs will need writing. We'll also need to review that all new 4.0  features/configs have corresponding docs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; along those lines, if a committer feels strongly about a PR that is "pre-approved" please feel free to hit the button yourself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I need to leave now... I suggest to assign yourselft to the PR if you are doing the review and want to do the merge so that other know that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think my issue right now is that I'm having trouble cross-referencing the "pre-approved" with the PR list. Most of the pre-approved look like they are being worked on (or already merged). But, it's hard to tell which ones are not claimed yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I know it's just part of the problem with having a static page which we have to manually update.  Just noting that is a confusion point.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I will post the new jsFiddle link here so to get it recorded: <a href="http://jsfiddle.net/bollini/TKGCa/">http://jsfiddle.net/bollini/TKGCa/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Export github pulls - JSFiddle ] - <a href="http://jsfiddle.net/bollini/TKGCa/">http://jsfiddle.net/bollini/TKGCa/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; it is only a stub but we can use to retrieve the status of our static list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (~chatzilla@95.235.215.252) Quit (Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.90.1 [Firefox 24.0/20130910160258])</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~chatzilla@95.235.215.252) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; sorry the link was wrong... <a href="http://jsfiddle.net/bollini/TKGCa/1/">http://jsfiddle.net/bollini/TKGCa/1/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Export github pulls - JSFiddle ] - <a href="http://jsfiddle.net/bollini/TKGCa/1/">http://jsfiddle.net/bollini/TKGCa/1/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamatis (2ebe55ac@gateway/web/freenode/ip.46.190.85.172) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: sorry for the edit conflict on the Tasks page, I only modified the "4.0 Documentation Tasks" part</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; no problem, I'm trying to do too many things at once</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (~chatzilla@95.235.215.252) Quit (Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.90.1 [Firefox 24.0/20130910160258])</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; trying to figure out where the "configuration" section went</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* fasseg (~fas@HSI-KBW-095-208-193-241.hsi5.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; helix84, I think you added a couple of tasks, and the links in those tasks got dropped</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 curses Confluence, again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; we'll meet again, my nemesis</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161244.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; DSPR#309</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/309">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/309</a> ] - DS-1697: Output policy data to METSRIGHTS only if a policy is effect (by date) by terrywbrady</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dietz72m1.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dietz72m1.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dietz72m1.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lo5an_ (~textual@unaffiliated/lo5an) Quit (Quit: Textual IRC Client: www.textualapp.com)</span><br />
