<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2013-04-10
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke1 (~kevin@24-241-4-152.dhcp.buft.sc.charter.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke1 (~kevin@24-241-4-152.dhcp.buft.sc.charter.com) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke1 (~kevin@24-241-4-152.dhcp.buft.sc.charter.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@pdpc/supporter/active/ksclarke) Quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke1 (~kevin@24-241-4-152.dhcp.buft.sc.charter.com) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@pdpc/supporter/active/ksclarke) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@pdpc/supporter/active/ksclarke) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@pdpc/supporter/active/ksclarke) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@pdpc/supporter/active/ksclarke) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@pdpc/supporter/active/ksclarke) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ruebot (~ruebot@pdpc/supporter/professional/ruebot) Quit (Quit: Please, sir, I want some more.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ruebot (~ruebot@ec2-50-112-50-181.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ruebot (~ruebot@ec2-50-112-50-181.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ruebot (~ruebot@pdpc/supporter/professional/ruebot) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@pdpc/supporter/active/ksclarke) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:56]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-adams.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:56]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-adams.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:56]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-adams.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:57]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-adams.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* fasseg (~fas@HSI-KBW-078-043-007-220.hsi4.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue1 (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Disconnected by services)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue1 (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@128.146.173.70) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@pdpc/supporter/active/ksclarke) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jrgriffiniii (~chatzilla@139.147.64.20) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d5153D041.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Hi everybody</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Reminder: Our DSpace Devel Mtg starts at the top of the hour  : <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-04-10">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-04-10</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; hey, KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2013-04-10 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-04-10">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-04-10</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Hi All</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. Hi all, welcome.  It's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Mtg (agenda linked already above)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (522a6b02@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.42.107.2) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First &amp; foremost, just wanted to remind folks that we've 're-instituted' our "JIRA Backlog Hour" sessions for the hour just before this meeting (19:00 UTC) in #dspace.   Obviously, if you can stop in some weeks and help us out, we'd appreciate it!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up.. some OR13 Updates.  As noted in the Agenda, I'm trying to find room/space for a DSpace Devel Face-to-Face Mtg on Monday, July 8 (likely in afternoon, 1pmish to 5pmish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I've had a request in with conference organizers...they are gonna update me (hopefully in the next week) on options</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; the plan would be that this is an "open meeting" as usual.  Anyone can attend.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm planning to go to OR13, I'm still waiting to here back if my proposal gets approved. I'm not sure if I'll get funded if I end up not presenting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I am open to ideas around "meeting format" though.  What may have worked well in the past / what didn't work so well / what ideas you'd like to try</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Proposals are supposed to be decided on by end of next week (18th or 19th). So you should hear by then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; PeterDietz, you can have my presentation if it gets accepted :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I'm on the DSpace User Group organizing committee -- so I know some of this stuff)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I know one thing interesting that has happened at other conferences/workshops I've been to (DigCCurr at UNC) is that I mention "hey, I'm a DSpace developer, look at some cool things", that I do some show and tell, then people come up with gripes/problems with DSpace. So it would be cool to have a "solve your problems" session</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 show and tell</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; are we talking about during our Dspace Devel Mtg on monday? A "show and tell" or "solve your problems" then?  Or are you talking about a conference session?  (I'm a bit confused, sorry)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hmmm, isn't there space for user-group stuff at the end of the week?  The devel meeting should focus on devel gripes/problems....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; sorry, I got confused too. The show/tell  and users stuff, should include users.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea..the schedule for OR13 will pan out as follows:  Monday - Workshops/DevMtgs, Tues - Main Conf, Weds - Main Conf, Thurs - Main Conf/UserGroupMtgs, Fri - UserGroupMtgs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Also, the visioning exercises that Tim lead at OR11 were cool, and helpful, and mhwood, that's what I was thinking, open mic show and tell, be prepared to show your work kinda thing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; though, really, if anyone is showing up with cool stuff, they are likely to hold it for the JISC contest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; or, sorry, DevSCI, whoever does the challenge thing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, for our Monday face-to-face meeting, we're only gonna have 1/2 day.  So, our time will be a bit compressed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, we could still do some sort of vision/roadmap exercise</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We could also do some "live" 4.0 planning / organizing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We also will likely have the output of the Chicago Mtg on "DSpace 3-5year vision" to talk about (this was the meeting that is being planned as a followup to the DuraSpace Summit discussions).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 4.0 planning, why does that sound familiar?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; essentially, if you have other ideas for topics that would be good to talk about *while we are all face-to-face*, let me know</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also...as usual, we can all head to a local pub/bar after the discussions on Monday night, for less formal / fun discussions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and anyone would be invited to join us at the pub, location TBD, as well)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think continuing the discussion from the Chicago meeting, with more of a developer focus, would probably fill the time easily</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 hpottinger.  I was guessing that might be useful as well.  That Chicago "3-5yr vision" meeting will be less-techie focused...but, I'm sure we'll all want to bring it down to a techie level and dig in on some of what was envisioned</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe we should have a short list of "issues that never seem to move" so we can hash them out in realtime.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; hmm, so.. I'll admit, I've been *really* sucky about being involved with GitHub Pull Requests.. Would this be a good time for someone to lay the smack down and say get involved?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood - seems reasonable. any in particular?   I do also plan to start up a Mtg page soon, so we can start listing things there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; PeterDietz: OR13 dev meeting, or, like, right now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz: GET INVOLVED :)  (did that work?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I"m motivated.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue writes a reminder to type more in all-caps...oh wait, that'd make me seem like I'm screaming at all times</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Not effective, I don't have that guilt-tripped feeling</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Is it a bad sign that I feel guilty about Tim not making Peter feel guilty?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well, I'll give a good effort to guilt trip you (or bribe you with a beer) at OR13.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Is there any topics / components that require us to get together to break past? i.e. I think including services into the core code base, makes things more legible..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; DAO work is ~?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; REST API work will be on-going. Maybe that can be a chance to hopefully have some deliverables</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Well, as mhwood mentioned, there's lots of topics that seem to be in a "holding pattern":  Metadata for All, AuthN/Z stuff, DAO (although Joao is working hard on it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; REST API was essentially in a holding pattern until we've had this "informal, unadvertised team" form in the past week or so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; consider it advertised: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Futures+REST+API+Widgets">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Futures+REST+API+Widgets</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Futures REST API Widgets - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Futures+REST+API+Widgets">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Futures+REST+API+Widgets</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; FYI for those who haven't heard...we have a REST API team forming...including hpottinger, several folks at Harvard, richardrodgers, peterdietz, Anja from Jorum.   I've pestered them about advertising themselves...I know they are working on it :0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, hpottinger beat me too it ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it's great to see the REST API starting to get some momentum forward.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm on board for making some widgets, and otherwise playing with REST-APIs, the conversation has drifted a bit towards using that sort of client work provide some direction to the development of the API itself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Do people want to form interested topic teams? i.e. 1/4 to work on REST, 1/4 to work on Metadata (for-all / relationships), 1/4 to work on 4.0 things, 1/4 to work on other topic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I agree that at this OR13 face-to-face, it might be good just to touch base on topics that are a bit "stuck".  It doesn't mean we necessarily have to discuss them all in great depth, just that we should get an update on whether anyone has time to devote, and if so try to form a team, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- i'd worry that's too much "split time".  Personally, I think we need to have *fewer* concentrated, well-organized projects, rather than *lots* of less-concentrated / less-organized projects.  We don't have to do everything at once :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I have an interest in seeing the AuthZ/N situation cleared up, since I blundered into the bugs in the first place, though I honestly can't devote any time to that right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we might have to admit that we put time towards what makes sense / has current momentum (like REST API right now)...and put other "big ideas" on the back-burner until we can find the timeshare to devote to them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OTOH if we can resolve a blockage, then that idea can go into the queue and be ready to work on when hands are available.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: true true.  I'm not against trying to figure out what is the "blocker", and seeing if we can resolve it right away.  I just suspect that many of the recent blockers are: "I don't have time to devote to that right now"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it would be good to try and determine what outstanding "blockage" we have on some of these big ideas...if it's just a lack of resources/time, or something else</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and that is something we could discuss at OR13</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Lack of time sorts itself eventually.  What we see sometimes is lack of consensus, so (understandably) nobody is willing to forge ahead.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, true.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; the lack of consensus may be something we have to just work at.  Maybe it's worth bringing up some of these topics again in an IRC mtg in the near future to see where "consensus" lies.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; As with REST.  We had two proposals and the community felt unable to choose one, until recently.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep.. REST we've just been "beating at" a lot in these meetings for a long time. :)  So, it is a good example</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (hopefully in other cases we can try and find a quicker consensus..or at least a reasonable path to progress forward)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I would be happy to see smaller groups empowered to make development decisions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, bringing stuck topics back on IRC from time to time sounds good.  Some discussion of "what would it take for us to commit or drop this?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: so, my question would be -- what does "empowered" mean to you?   Are you talking about spinning out almost "committees/sub-teams" to make a decision and move something forward?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Yes exactly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; just thinking about specifics on AuthZ/N, I know the stackable auth implementation has some rough edges, and I'm wondering if replacing the whole works with JAAS would be a good idea? You know, maybe I do have time for this, heck, sign me up, anyone else interested in hacking away on the AuthZ/N code in DSpace, find me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Trying to get consensus amongst a big group can be almost impossible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll note that this is almost exactly what is happening with the REST API -- a few folks have taken it upon themselves to move it forward as their own "team".  They've empowered themselves, in a way.. inspired by the "DSpace Futures" discussions on REST API work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; A perfect example, although easier to do in this case as it doesn't touch core code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, I guess what I'm asking is...how can we help others to feel "empowered" to create similar teams?  I'd love to do that, if we can find a way, as I agree that "big group consensus" is hard</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint -- good point about it being possibly easier cause of not touching core code :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; hpottinger:  I'm interested, but I think in a different area:  pushing authn/z deeper in so that surface code doesn't even think about it; e.g. a UI just asks for things and is approved/denied by the things or their managers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; So for example, if Joao could get another say 3 people on board for the DAO work then we should just trust them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; and whatever they produce</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; robint:  there is no boss, so people can just get together and create proposals.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mhwood: true, but anyone can veto it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and we don't even have to "trust them" until we see the results of their work, they just have to trust themselves</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 robint -- with the minor caveat that we can help review it / provide feedback along the way....but, we'd want to avoid late-vetoing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Usually people say why they are vetoing.  With good communication, vetos should be very rare.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Honestly, I'd love it if everyone felt more "empowered" to move projects forward in small teams (my only requirement would be that these teams need to involve *several* institutions, and have good communication back to the community).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And, I do also wonder if this is part of this whole "blockage" thing.  We all just have gotten into the (possibly bad) habit of running everything through "big group consensus" which takes too long/forever</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 1) someone raises an issue  2) several interested parties discuss it  3) self-organized team presents idea, hears objections and suggestions  4) team addresses concerns and presents again  5) (we hope) everybody is okay with amended proposal and work goes forward  6) people talk about the work as it is progressing, and get more feedback  7) finished work addresses all known issues and is voted in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (that is the ideal flow..for sure)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, it can go off the rails.  The key, I think, is to develop in the open and keep discussion going with the broader community.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This could be a good topic to discuss at OR13. It might be a good thing to hash out in person, make sure everyone knows they are "empowered" to create these teams, etc.  Maybe use REST-API as an example we can try and follow more, and find out better ways to support that concept.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes we've gone off agenda pretty far, but I'm not gonna reign this in, as I think this is useful discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; robint: does that address your issues?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Needs to run a bit earlier today…. until next time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d5153D041.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Yes, all good stuff, thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. Writing myself a note about this. I think this is definitely a topic to bring up at OR13 -- might be easier to discuss in person and hear everyone out / brainstorm ideas as need.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Certainly, but meanwhile anyone willing should go ahead and try it out.  That way we'll have data at OR13. :-/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue will also create an OR13 meeting page very soon, for us to add topics to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- oh, definitely agreed :)  No need to wait for OR13.  Just want to use OR13 as a way to "get us all on the same page" and improve the process as needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; YOU ARE ALL EMPOWERED -- Go forth and do good! :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; PeterDietz: guilt-o-meter?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha :) yea, I was waiting to see if PeterDietz felt guilty or inspired...doubtful. but, it was worth a try</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. in any case...we're down to 10mins left.  Any last thoughts on OR13 stuff?  Again, will post a wiki page in next day or so</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; my guilt += 198,000... I still don't think that changes things</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; putting PeterDietz down for the AuthZ/N team, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Apropos of that:  is it working, do you think, to just have people stop by and pick up PRs that interest them, or do we need a forcing function like the JIRA reviews?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; regular PR review, since they can come from anywhere</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I think that I become interested in certain parts of the code. So, its probably just a matter of saying @peterdietz, take a look at this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: good question.  We may need to force reviews of PRs too.  I've been *hoping* they will eventually just get reviewed alongside the corresponding JIRA ticket.  But, right now we have that ugly JIRA backlog we are still catching up on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The question being:  who says "take a look at this please".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; oops, I just jumped in the bad habit of forcing others to change their workflow because I can fall off the track, not just forcing myself to have better habits..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it sounds like, if we just redirect all PRs to PeterDietz's inbox, with an automated "take a look at this please" message, it will solve all our problems</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's not just you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, seriously, you are right to point this out mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Yeah, good luck with that. It will actually work, if you send it to helix's inbox.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In the nearterm, we could institute a "PR Review" process in these meetings (first 10 mins?).  Eventually, when we catch up on JIRA backlog, I think we can just review JIRA + PR simultaneously (as we should have a JIRA ticket for every PR)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds like a plan.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; there's an e-mail that gets sent out every once in a while listing old tickets</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, it's an automated (monthly) email</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; can we get the same thing for PRs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 167 entries is too daunting, though.  Hence the catch-up sessions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; not sure.  That monthly "old ticket" email is a JIRA option.  Not sure GitHub has anything similar...we could look around though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; what would be helpful would be a report that links JIRA with GitHub, to show the PRs and which issues they fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; PRs without issues would stand out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That probably has to depend on people putting [Ds-nnn] in the PR title.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger.  Yea, I completely agree. But, every time I've looked for a better "JIRA &lt;-&gt; GitHub" integration option, I've not found anything good.  There's just not much out there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (522a6b02@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.42.107.2) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I wish there was a better way to integrate JIRA &amp; GitHub ... but the plugins I've found are all very limited in nature</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If GitHub and JIRA expose the right information via web API, the actual report generator doesn't have to run on either one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- true.  Just don't know of any report generator that does that &amp; I don't have the time (currently) to write one myself.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Pure speculation -- I haven't looked at either one that way.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; <a href="https://zapier.com/zapbook/github/jira/">https://zapier.com/zapbook/github/jira/</a> ??</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ GitHub &amp; Jira Integrations · Zapbook · Zapier ] - <a href="https://zapier.com/zapbook/github/jira/">https://zapier.com/zapbook/github/jira/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; huh...never heard of zapier</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; maybe they have an Open Source discount?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; they have a free tier..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm gonna go lurk now. I've got some mega statistics work to do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks for the lead.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I'll look around and see. It might be something we could look at more closely, if we can use the low-cost or free version. Still not sure if it "solves" the main issues here..but, worth looking at closer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  Well, as usual, we're over time and we still haven't talked about the mysterious "4.0" release :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I guess I'll just state here (for anyone reading now or later):  Obviously we need to start thinking about organizing a 4.0 Release Team.  So, if anyone is interested, please get in touch.  We also may want to brainstorm whether there is anything different we'd like to do with the 4.0 release process (based on what we learned during the 3.0 release process)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, as we are out of time today, I'll leave the actual 4.0 discussions to next week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger raises a hand, and falls over.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; my main lesson from 3.0 release: don't try to run a release on a Mac</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha..yea, that's one lesson</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's getting quiet and I'm going to have to go.  Thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@128.146.173.70) Quit (Ping timeout: 256 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@pdpc/supporter/active/ksclarke) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jrgriffiniii (~chatzilla@139.147.64.20) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>