<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2013-02-13
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[1:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:28]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-moorcock.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-moorcock.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-moorcock.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-moorcock.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Ping timeout: 256 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bigbrovar (~quassel@83.229.6.19) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bigbrovar_ (~quassel@41.206.11.8.vgccl.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bigbrovar (~quassel@83.229.6.19) Quit (Ping timeout: 272 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bigbrovar (~quassel@83.229.6.19) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:40]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bigbrovar_ (~quassel@41.206.11.8.vgccl.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 255 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Ping timeout: 255 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@205.178.24.120) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bigbrovar (~quassel@83.229.6.19) Quit (Quit: No Ping reply in 180 seconds.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bigbrovar (~quassel@83.229.6.19) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bigbrovar (~quassel@83.229.6.19) Quit (Quit: No Ping reply in 180 seconds.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bigbrovar (~quassel@83.229.6.19) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bigbrovar (~quassel@83.229.6.19) Quit (Ping timeout: 272 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bigbrovar (~quassel@83.229.6.19) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d5153D041.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi All, it's now time for our weekly DSpace Devel Mtg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Today's agenda is here (it's been freshly updated with a few last minute things as of a moment ago): <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-02-13">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-02-13</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2013-02-13 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-02-13">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-02-13</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; starting things off with a few announcements / reminders</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1)  I'll be on vacation next week.  So, I won't be at the meeting next Weds (Feb 20).  You all are encouraged to meet, but you can decide what you want to talk about</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2) The following week (two weeks from today), we'll be having some followup mtgs to those "DSpace Futures" discussions we had in the Fall.  The first followup meeting will concentrate on getting a REST API in place.  It will be on Weds, Feb 27 @ 19:00 UTC.  Because of that mtg, we will NOT have a Dev mtg that day</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 3) I also wanted to remind everyone that Open Repositories deadlines are coming soon (Fri, Feb 22).  So, try and get in your talk proposals soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any questions on any of those (some additional info in the agenda itself)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; regarding #2 - the REST API mtg.   There will be an email going to all lists either today or tomorrow announcing the DSpace Futures followup mtgs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; well, as I've already said I'd wait with actually picking a REST API until after we at least hear from the developers of both</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The REST API mtg (on Feb 27) is more a discussion around how we can get things moving forward....it won't necessarily *decide* the REST API.  It's more  a discussion to get volunteers &amp; even a "team" (if needed) in place to try and make things move more quickly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; no, I'm talking about today's agenda point: REST Implementations - Choose one as our "base" and schedule for release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I wouldn't advertise it as the "day we decide".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, that's coming later..helix84...you've jumped ahead.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sorry, you asked about comments on agenda :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, no...I meant comments on those *announcements* :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I also don't anticipate we are going to decide anything REST API related today -- but it still needs to be a "hot discussion" topic that we need to keep poking at</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; because we really need to decide on it soon, if we want to get it ready for 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yes, it would surely be great if as many commiters as possible at least tried both</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So, on to the agenda?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep..we'll head back to agenda.  Set aside REST for a moment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up, as you all heard Google Summer of Code 2013</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I really just wanted to get this on everyone's radar.  Assuming we have enough interested possible mentors, DuraSpace plans to put in an application this year.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not sure who all is familiar with Google Summer of Code...I think most of us are, but please feel free to ask questions if you are not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In general the next steps are... (1) Start to brainstorm some interesting student projects (that can be done in a summer),  (2) Start to determine if we have interested mentors amongst the committers group, (3) put in an application and hope we get accepted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'd take a stab at mentoring. I already cast some preliminary net out at students (I know we're not acceptet yet). Last yewar I've been a mentor at GCI and it was great, better than I expected.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds great, helix84.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yea, and to be clear...anyone who says they are "interested in mentoring" can always back out later, if the students &amp; projects just don't match up well for you.  In general though, we want to try and find some possible mentors for any project ideas we come up with</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; in case anyone else is wondering, the timeline is here: <a href="http://www.google-melange.com/gsoc/document/show/gsoc_program/google/gsoc2013/help_page#2._What_is_the_program_timeline">http://www.google-melange.com/gsoc/document/show/gsoc_program/google/gsoc2013/help_page#2._What_is_the_program_timeline</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Google Summer of Code 2013 Frequently Asked Questions ] - <a href="http://www.google-melange.com/gsoc/document/show/gsoc_program/google/gsoc2013/help_page#2._What_is_the_program_timeline">http://www.google-melange.com/gsoc/document/show/gsoc_program/google/gsoc2013/help_page#2._What_is_the_program_timeline</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, in the past, we've put our project brainstorms up on the wiki...in a separate "GSOC" space. <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=18546886">https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=18546886</a>   We'll do the same this year...we just need to get that wiki area updated as needed for GSoC 2013 and remove any old project ideas that we are no longer really interested in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Google Summer of Code (GSOC) - Google Summer of Code - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=18546886">https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=18546886</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, here's our "Ideas" page from 2012.  We should review ideas here, and remove any we thing are no longer interesting &amp; add new ideas.  <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/DSpace+Summer+of+Code+Ideas">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/DSpace+Summer+of+Code+Ideas</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Summer of Code Ideas - Google Summer of Code - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/DSpace+Summer+of+Code+Ideas">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/DSpace+Summer+of+Code+Ideas</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i was just wondering why we didn't do a separate page titled 2012 like the years before, to keep track of the old ideas</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; looking at the list of projects accepted last lear, it looks like Google really tried to focus on projects that would be of interest to younger students</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; s/lear/year/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; hpottinger meant to say: looking at the list of projects accepted last year, it looks like Google really tried to focus on projects that would be of interest to younger students</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 -- I plan to "archive" our old GSoC 2012 ideas off to a "DSpace Summer of Code Ideas 2012" page.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger -- could be.  The only feedback we got from Google (we did ask them for feedback) was that "our application was good" and that they unfortunately had to make tough decisions, and decided to let in some new organizations that had never been a part of GSoC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that was feedback from last year's application (where we were rejected) obviously</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, any other questions around GSoC stuff?  Any "early ideas" that folks want to throw out there for possible projects?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I'll work on getting our ideas page cleaned up after this meeting, so we can start adding 2013 ideas there)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I've already blurted this out on the devel list, but I'm not averse to repeating myself: I think incorporating the Maven::Jetty plugin would make a nice small project, and could dovetail nicely with any REST-API work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger : yea, I didn't respond yet on -devel, but I'd say +1 too.  Sounds interesting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; (although I think the project might be on the smallish side for GSoC)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'd even sign up to mentor for that project, though I will confess when I "just tried it out" I did not end up in a good place. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; could be.  though we could think of ways to "expand it" if the student got done earlier than expected</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; anything else we need improved in ant/maven?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; (intentionally provocative question)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue is always a fan of "smaller" more contained projects (they tend to end better, with something potentially even *usable*), than larger "pie-in-the-sky" projects (which sometimes end with the code in an unstable or incomplete state)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Large projects often contain smaller projects....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: I agree with setting a few milestones, some of them optional</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; re: maven + ant..there's also the option of using the maven-ant-plugin :)    I.e.  "mvn deploy" = current "ant update"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, that could be a possible "extension" to Maven::Jetty</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; honestly, I started down the road of looking at Maven::Jetty because I was looking at the Jorum build stuff to see how it worked...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; there has been a person or two who needed to use only maven, not ant for their production deployment, so that might help, I'm not sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I think the point was their deployment system could run maven commands for them, not ant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, I meant the"maven-antrun-plugin"...<a href="http://maven.apache.org/plugins/maven-antrun-plugin/">http://maven.apache.org/plugins/maven-antrun-plugin/</a>  It let's you kick off Ant commands via Maven.   I.e., it'd be a way of doing away with "ant" as a required prerequisite...you'd only need Maven</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Introduction ] - <a href="http://maven.apache.org/plugins/maven-antrun-plugin/">http://maven.apache.org/plugins/maven-antrun-plugin/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; all of these are steps towards a better "out of the box" experience</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, exactly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ugh, I have often thought that it ought to go the other direction:  if you don't customize the code, you shouldn't need Maven at all.  Ant could use Ivy to pick the artifacts up and stuff them in place.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- yea, there's two directions there....the problem tends to be (at least in my mind) that we are too "tied into Maven" currently, as it is our "installer"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it's our "installer builder"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And Maven isn't designed to be an installer, and it's emphatic about how it thinks things ought to be done.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I thought it's there mainly to resolve dependencies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it is there mainly for dependencies...and for "custom code overlays"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I might backtrack the guys and ask them about their environment and what they would need</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm just pointing out that we'd need a new way to "install DSpace" (and overlay custom code/dependencies) if we did away with Maven.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~mdevilz@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; to be clear though...I'd be 100% happy if we found a way to not require Maven for installation (I agree it's mostly a developers tool)...it's just a project in itself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i.e. we might be talking about two separate projects now.... (1) Make the DSpace + Maven build experience easier (Jetty plugin, Antrun plugin).  (2) Investigate an "easy installer" option that doesn't require Maven</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I have to admit I'm kind of fond of Maven, it makes some things so much easier, and when I come across other projects that don't use it, and see what they have to do for dependencies…. yuck.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm fond of Maven too. I don't want to do away with Maven.... I just want to admit that it's not the best tool for Installation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; }rant{ The product of Maven should be artifacts in some repository.  That collection of artifacts is *not installed anywhere* yet and shouldn't appear to be.  The installation phase should grab artifacts, whether from Central, your MRM, or your local cache, perhaps filter some configuration stuff, and place them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I.e. in some future...it'd be nice if Maven was just for "advanced installation".    If you want, you can build from source (using Maven) and install from there.  But if you just want the default DSpace, here's a pre-compiled installer that will set it up in no time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; sorry, gotta run (I do agree with mhwood's rant though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i think joao wanted to do something like that (installer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'll ask him and maybe it can be done in GSoC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I mentioned a few lines back the Jorum build framework, and figured I'd best link it and happen to have the link handy, so here it is <a href="http://developer.edina.ac.uk/projects/jorumdspace/wiki/Build_Framework">http://developer.edina.ac.uk/projects/jorumdspace/wiki/Build_Framework</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Build Framework - Jorum DSpace - EDINA Developer Corner ] - <a href="http://developer.edina.ac.uk/projects/jorumdspace/wiki/Build_Framework">http://developer.edina.ac.uk/projects/jorumdspace/wiki/Build_Framework</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I stumbled across that Jorum framework at some point...it looks interesting, just never got a chance to get back to it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; that was submitted as DS-921 as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-921">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-921</a> ] - [#DS-921] Build script supporting multi-developer config, automatic container launching and code coverage - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we've gotten past the multi-developer config with the -Denv=something.properties flag you added, tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; huh...so for Jorum they do install/deploy from Ant (to Jetty)...not from Maven</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm not sure if this is current practice</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; in any case...I think we've gotten some decent ideas here for GSoC.. It seems like discussion is slowing on this topic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; but it does seem we could do most of what they are doing using Maven instead</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next steps for GSoC - I'll clean up the wiki space, and send an email to dspace-devel once we are ready to add in project ideas.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; hpottinger:  dunno, I think we should be moving stuff *out* of Maven, not in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger - yea, I think most / all of that could happen via Maven, as we talked about above (using Jetty plugin &amp; Antrun plugin)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- what would you move out of Maven? just curious</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'm also wondering whether the Jorum practice was influence by the change to Git</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: code stuff should stay in Maven, I think, deploy stuff definitely doesn't have to be in Maven, and I think there's a good argument to be made for a custom installer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Customizing for installation, for one thing.  Maven shouldn't know anything about installation-time, because it isn't designed to support installation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'm also not quite clear on the direction we want to move here - once we want to get rid of ant, then we don't want to use maven for installation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; To support that, DSpace needs to be able to be told from outside where to look for stuff that's not in the WAR, in a way that's simple for a build environment (Maven, an IDE) to provide.  DSpace also should be less dependent on configuration in some areas -- you should be able to at least start it and get sensible advice even in the complete absence of a [DSpace]/config directory.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger googles for something like capistrano for java… oops, betraying some Ruby research...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Do we want to get rid of Ant?  Why?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; no idea why, just something I picked up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; another generally relevant idea: <a href="http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/Interested-in-a-simplified-build-td4659831.html">http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/Interested-in-a-simplified-build-td4659831.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace - Tech - Interested in a simplified build? ] - <a href="http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/Interested-in-a-simplified-build-td4659831.html">http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/Interested-in-a-simplified-build-td4659831.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood : I'd argue that Ant and Maven are both developer tools (and rather dense to folks these days).  I agree with most of what you've said, but in my mind, we currently have two tools that are neither "installer friendly" in Maven &amp; Ant.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, the most installer-friendly tool would be "unzip".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, to bring that further...I'd propose we try and make *neither* of them our main "installer"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; However, I still think we NEED Maven for it's dependency management...but, it should be our *compiler* / builder</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I don't see us giving up Maven at this point without a lot of pain and delay.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So...in my mind, "Ant" is the thing that doesn't fit into the picture...so, that's why I keep wondering why we need Ant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But it should be used for what it's made for.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: there you go :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; unzip works for fedora, though they do have a custom installer, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: so how doesn't and fit in?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The code has to be *designed* to be unzipped and run, though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; s/and/ant/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; helix84 meant to say: tdonohue: so how doesn't ant fit in?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Fedora uses OneJAR for it's installer: <a href="http://one-jar.sourceforge.net/">http://one-jar.sourceforge.net/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Deliver Your Java Application in One-JAR™ ! ] - <a href="http://one-jar.sourceforge.net/">http://one-jar.sourceforge.net/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If we need complex cross-platform scripting, Ant is not an unreasonable choice.  There may be others that are better.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; woah, look what I found: <a href="https://code.google.com/p/bungeni-dspace/wiki/InstallingDspaceUsingCapistrano">https://code.google.com/p/bungeni-dspace/wiki/InstallingDspaceUsingCapistrano</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ InstallingDspaceUsingCapistrano - bungeni-dspace - How to install DSpace using capistrano - Bungeni customizations for DSpace - Google Project Hosting ] - <a href="https://code.google.com/p/bungeni-dspace/wiki/InstallingDspaceUsingCapistrano">https://code.google.com/p/bungeni-dspace/wiki/InstallingDspaceUsingCapistrano</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It may be a matter of having let the tools we know dictate the process, instead of the other way 'round.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 : The logic in my mind is going like this.   (1) Maven and Ant are not really installers  (2) we really need something that's easier than Ant/Maven for Installation, (3) We need Maven for its dependency management, (4) What do we need Ant for?  I'm not sure...it's just an installer right now, but it's not really a good "installer" (see #1 and #2)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ant is a lot like "make", in some ways, so it's natural to think of it when dealing with installation issues ("make install" is so simple).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: cool!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Needs to run, until next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The build.xml is the installer; Ant is just infrastructure.  That's why Maven won't work for installation:  it isn't scriptable (except by calling out to Ant :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d5153D041.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Looks like a few people are using Capistrano, but also mentioning ControlTier (<a href="http://doc36.controltier.org/wiki/Main_Page)">http://doc36.controltier.org/wiki/Main_Page)</a> which is Java-based</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ant is procedural; Maven is declarative.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood - yea, I get everything you are saying &amp; I agree.  I don't think *either* Maven or Ant should be the "installer".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so we still need/want to keep both?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; then about onejar - I don't understand how it would work with DSpace, which is by its nature composed of multiple webapps, some of them optional. how does one jar fit in?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In my mind...the "future" DSpace "binary" (pre-compiled) install would not require users to download Maven or Ant (it'd be something else).    But, if you wanted to build Dspace from Source, you'd still need Maven.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We should ponder what all we do in build.xml right now.  We fetch location data, fill and clean out databases, copy groups of JARs, create directory hierarchies, filter configuration data.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; we also create backups, sorta</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Perhaps we need to break that stuff up into developer tools, installer tools, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Some of those tools might wind up in several kits.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: you can think of OneJAR as a JAR that "auto-unzips" itself and can be scripted (via embedded Ant) to copy things around, etc.   I played around with it for DSpace... never got it working fully though.  But, it likely *could* work for DSpace.  If you wanted to used OneJAR for Dspace, then essentially Maven would *build* the OneJAR.  Then the OneJAR would be the installer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (My work with OneJAR is all documented here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Installer+Prototype)">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Installer+Prototype)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So the idea isn't to eliminate the *use* of Ant, but the site's *installation* of Ant?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood ++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; YES</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't care what is being used *underneath* :)   It's a matter of limiting the number of things you have to install before you can install DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i see. i always thought the "output" we want to get to make deployment easy is several .war files. I see your point about a single executable (jar in this case), which would be like desktop application installer. but then we have those users I mentioned who can't just run any command on their production machines and need to deploy via maven - we'd still support that as an option, I gather</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Most good installation kits include an "unpack" operation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: yea, in my mind, you could still compile from source using Maven...that'd be an "advanced installation" option</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Again, the product has to be designed so that you *can* reasonably unpack and set it up yourself.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; it would be great if we could sum up some conclusions from today's discussion for future reference</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea...I'm just wondering what the conclusions are. :)   it's a lot of brainstorms...and some of this is actually describing what was in my head when I did my "Installer prototype" work (linked above), which is now something I no longer have time to work on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, I think we could start to describe this as an "Installer" project for GSoC...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 1.  People who don't need to customize code shouldn't need Maven.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so is there some subset of work to be done we can all agree on?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and I still think that hpottinger's Maven ideas for GSoC are also valid (but they may be more for Developers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 2.  People who don't need to customize code shouldn't need Ant.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 3.  We may want to use Ant anyway, but it should be embedded in the packaging.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood ++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 4.  It should be possible to unpack a stock DSpace with small, simple tools that everyone has, and get something that can be made to run with reasonable effort.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 5.  It should be a lot simpler to do automated installation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sounds all good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 6.  We may need to break out some tools for optional tasks, like cleaning out the database.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 7.  We're still committed  to Maven for build-time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Maven::jetty would potentially help anyone needing to debug an issue, but who may not have an IDE set up. We could ask people reporting something "strange" on the mail list to try running maven::jetty and a remote debugger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 8.  We may have to adjust some boundary lines between Maven, Ant, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger -- yea, I still think that Maven::Jetty idea is valid, if only for debugging &amp; developers.  It may not really be "recommended" for production installs, but it'd be nice for development</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 9.  An embedded container that Just Runs would aid development and troubleshooting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; optional DB tool could also be repurposed as a reporting tool.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Did I capture everything essential?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood ++  - I think so...and I agree with all of it.  Just not entirely sure where to "document" this...it's starting to sound like a "manifesto" :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; One thing I keep thinking is that DSpace should just create any missing DB tables when it finds them.  There shouldn't be a schema-load installation step.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 manifestos</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Or rather, when it doesn't find them. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; or, maybe we should just create an "InstallationManifesto" or "InstallerBrainstorms" page on the wiki under our "Proposals" and capture this there as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: Fedora does that, it really threw me for a loop before I figured that out…. wait, how does the DB get set up?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to auto-db creation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; "installer brainstorms" page:  yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, will copy mhwood's ideas above (and link back to IRC logs) into an Installer Brainstorms page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, I collected up ideas from several people.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep yep.  Just saying that your bullets listed above were well stated summaries</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thank you, that's what they were meant to be.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, in any case, we're well over time here...I gotta head into "lurking" mode to get some stuff done.  So, we won't get to REST API stuff today (others are welcome to chat about it here now though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; again, a reminder that I'll be out next week (Feb 20)...  And in two weeks (Feb 27) we'll be having a phone call about REST API at 19:00 UTC (email will go out soon)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I also should warn that my travel schedule is picking up now....so, I'm also going to be out Weds, March 6 (at DuraSpace all-staff mtg) and Weds, March 7 (at DuraSpace Sponsor Summit).    So, I'm not going to be around for many of the next few weekly meetings (yikes)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; hpottinger:  humph, if Fedora is going to build its own schema at runtime, it should say that it is doing that.  It's kind of important.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that second date is Weds, March *13* (not 7)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; tdonohue, one of those can't be a Wednesday.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i.e...I'm out for 3 of the next 4 weeks...I'll only be around for the special mtg on Feb 27</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We'll need volunteer moderators.  I could perhaps take one week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (yea..it's a lot of travel at once..things slow down after that though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea..you are correct.  I can also email -commit about this (meant to anyway)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Please.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it would be best to get some volunteer moderators lined up soon...will email you all in a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: I agree about documenting DB setup issues, it *is* sorta important.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: when is the latest you need to hear from me re: OR13?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; or should I plan on submitting the proposal on my own?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger -- if you can do the OR13 talk, then you should just plan to submit the proposal yourself.  I'm gonna be offline from Feb 20 (next Weds) through Feb 25...and proposals are due Feb 22.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; will do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; if it's looking like you won't be able to do it, try to let me know by Fri / Mon.  I could then sneak in a last minute proposal with a "TBD" speaker for the topic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; If it turns out I can't go, I will send a note to -release to see if anyone else wants to take it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good (I should also mention that there are "rumors" that the OR proposal deadline will be pushed back a week...but, we probably shouldn't depend on it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; if anyone here has done a similar talk and has a copy of their proposal, the theme of OR13 is "re-use" :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint did a similar talk for 1.8...you might want to ping him</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; robint, I know you're reading this log, consider yourself pinged. :-) I'll send you a note offline, too, just in case.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; idly reading through the docs for ControlTier, looks like there's quite a bit built up around WebDAV… idle silly thought: deployment by way of self-archiving code and pushing out through dspace-lni… that would be weird...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Wow, a DSpace virus.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: this is a logged channel. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's nonviable in the wild:  keeps crashing until you spend an hour configuring it. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Excellent!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; You know, those are the best kinds of toys: takes forever to get going, and once you do, it eats your brain.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:18]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (eddies@conference/code4lib/x-lzgtzhnnwpwpzfbu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (eddies@conference/code4lib/x-lzgtzhnnwpwpzfbu) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (eddies@conference/code4lib/x-lzgtzhnnwpwpzfbu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (eddies@conference/code4lib/x-lzgtzhnnwpwpzfbu) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>