<span class="irc-date">[0:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* edInCo (~edInCo@174.51.171.25) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@216.106.41.140.reverse.socket.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; @decide xoai or Zenddb?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@216.106.41.140.reverse.socket.net) Quit (Quit: Later, taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* edInCo (~edInCo@174.51.171.25) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-adams.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-adams.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-adams.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-adams.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* edInCo (~edInCo@174.51.171.25) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* edInCo (~edInCo@174.51.171.25) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* edInCo (~edInCo@seta.coalliance.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@apu.imelda.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; grats, KeveinVdV!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Thx, still at the maternity so if I don't answer quickly give me a sec ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, as usual, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Mtg. Today's agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-07-31">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-07-31</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2013-07-31 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-07-31">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-07-31</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~chatzilla@host56-223-dynamic.181-80-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV...dang, surprised you made it. congrats though!  Would it be helpful to skip your discussion to "first topic" today? (So you can logoff after that)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'm sure Tim is surprised you made it to the DevMtg, not your other accomplishment earlier today ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm gonna do that anyhow...let's give KevinVdV a break here and skip down to topic #3 on agenda</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, KevinVdV wanted to get a discussion around DS-1272 going, for DSpace 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1272">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1272</a> ] - [#DS-1272] Enable Discovery By Default - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamatis_ (5b8c64da@gateway/web/freenode/ip.91.140.100.218) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; also related Pull # 218: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/218">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/218</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-1272] Enable Discovery By Default for the XMLUI by KevinVdV · Pull Request #218 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/218">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/218</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Namely, I think the idea here is that KevinVdV (and I) would like to see this in 4.0 and preferably get it committed/merged into "master" soon to allow for testing/stabilization (and a JSPUI version to be built to)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; KevinVdV: the change at the browse artifact for xmlui are just a refactoring or there are any changes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, the first question is: Is everyone in favor of enabling Discovery by default?  (IIRC we had talked about this for 3.0 already, but it had to be rescheduled)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; +1 to enable by default for both UIs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The second question is: Any questions/concerns/feedback?  (and I see bollini already added some)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm still +1 enable by default for both UIs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 from me to enable Discovery by default for both UIs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so it sounds like we're generally in favor of this change...just a matter of getting the PR some feedback and work to get this feature merged sooner rather than later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; My only question around this work (which I asked in the PR itself) was whether we also should *disable* Lucene and Browse DB indexing by default (so that we are not indexing twice).  That is assuming that we no longer need Lucene or Browse DB tables for any features (wasn't sure if that's the case)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; As a general note, in this phase, I will prefer that PR will be merged as soon as possible... just wait for a general agreement about the PR and 1 other committer that make a fast test or also only review code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; tdonohue: if we enable discovery by default also on JSPUI we can (should) disable the search consumer (lucene). The browse consumer is a different thing (actually the PR don't change the browse provider)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I believe another solution is possible for the browse</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; We leave it enabled but use discovery as the backend</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I believe Andrea Bollini made this possible (correct me if I'm wrong)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; KevinVdV: are you talking about enabling the SolrBrowseDAOs as default provider?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; This way we keep that functionnality but lose the browse &amp; search consumer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; yes, it is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; bollini: YES exactly !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; &amp; I made it so that the people who can disable the browse artefact completely with a single comment in the xmlui.xconf !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that all sounds reasonable. I just really wanted to clarify how many indexes we are generating.  I wanted that answer to be that we are creating just one search index and browse index (both in Discovery)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; yes, in this way we only have one index (in the solr search core)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm in favor of merging this PR in...we may need to do some additional "cleanup" in other PRs (e.g. get a JSPUI version ready, then disable Lucene, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* l_a_p (~chatzilla@91.252.228.80) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Agreed tdonohue !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Only thing I can think of is any "home grown" scripts that might hit the DB for data from the browse index... but, you know, things change</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; You can all start testing &amp; debug later but make sure to log the consumer &amp; browse dao change</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, this PR is a good starting point...but we should admit there's a bit more work to do before we can "close" the Ds-1272 ticket completely.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; bollini: can you handle the JSPUI side of things ? (don't really know that much about discovery in JSPUI)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: good point. We'd need to add some docs about this change (obviously) and also document how people can choose to (manually) enable Lucene &amp; DB tables again, if they really really wanted that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; tdonohue: I will prefer to close the DS-1272 and open two new issues for jspui and browse</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1272">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1272</a> ] - [#DS-1272] Enable Discovery By Default - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; yes, I can make the two PR for Discover JSPUI and SolrBrowse as default</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; bollini: that would be great</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, who wants to press the button on the merge?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: we can close Ds-1272 if we change its  title to say "Enable Discovery by Default in XMLUI".   Currently though, it's covering both XMLUI &amp; JSPUI...so we'd need to edit that issue and create a new "Enable Discovery by Default in JSPUI" ticket.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I have the button showing right now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; tdonohue: yes, I will proceed in this way... but It is only because I think 1 jira 1 PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mhwood: push!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: sounds good!  I just wanted to make sure we make that small change to the current ticket, otherwise it's misleading :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; jira title  updated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DSpace Committers, getting work DONE.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; excellent!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I had another small issue I wanted to address, concerning solr this time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; If everybody is up for it &amp; has the time that is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, go ahead...sure, we should have some time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I wanted to broach the subject of making dspace-solr &amp; part of the solr core.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Merging DSpace/DSpace and DSpace/dspace-solr?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; It would make upgrading solr easier</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we have already upgraded dspace-solr to solr 4</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Since now if a new solr version is released we have to wait for the dspace-solr artefact to deploy before we can even think about testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we plan to contribute this for 4.0 actually it is on the DSpace-CRIS project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; No more waiting for Maven Central before taking up changes to dspace-solr.  I like it.  I can't think why we should not.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, merging: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-solr">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-solr</a> (which is really just ~2-3 java custom java files overlayed on Solr) into our main codebase</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-solr · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-solr">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-solr</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The one thing I would ask:  I have a pending PR on dspace-solr and would like to get it pulled or rejected before rearranging the projects.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm fine with merging dspace-solr into the main codebase as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 to merging dspace-solr</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree with mhwood though...best to finish up any pending PRs for 'dspace-solr' and *then* do the merger...it's a bit less messy that way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Agreed, I think we can accept &amp; merge mhwood changes &amp; THEN start the merging process</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thank you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; how complex/long will be the merging process?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good to me. Anyone want to volunteer to create a JIRA ticket for this merger?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Not long but may be complex.  If there are N git users, it seems that there are at least N opinions on how to merge two repositories.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can write the ticket.  I'm not up to speed on how to do the work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, we'd need to investigate the best way to migrate (and hopefully keep the history).  Though, to be clear, we've done this before with "dspace-services" which used to be at "DSpace/dspace-services" in GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I can probably help some with migration.  I've done some of this in the past, and after the Git part is figured out, it's mostly just "wiring up" the POMs correctly (which isn't hard actually)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I probably won't have time to do the merge myself though … so I hope somebody can help...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Does dspace-solr PR#3 need discussion, sometime soon?  I kind of took the original idea and ran with it....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-solr/pull/3">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-solr/pull/3</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-1460] Add SOLR logging config file by mwoodiupui · Pull Request #3 · DSpace/dspace-solr · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-solr/pull/3">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-solr/pull/3</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm fully in support of your changes mhwood.  They at least make log settings easier to work with (by moving them all to log4j).  We can always improve upon the default settings later as needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; +1 for this change also, again if we do this quickly enough we can easily alter anything that may not work properly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; (Although I doubt much changes are required)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to merge quickly/soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm less concerned with the code than with acceptance of the whole approach, but that looks like enough votes unless someone objects.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; +1 to merge... only I question: is the lucene-core/solr-solrj dependencies really needed in the pom? <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-solr/pull/3/files#L6R117">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-solr/pull/3/files#L6R117</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-1460] Add SOLR logging config file by mwoodiupui · Pull Request #3 · DSpace/dspace-solr · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-solr/pull/3/files#L6R117">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-solr/pull/3/files#L6R117</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Hmmm agreed, good catch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; mvn dependency:analyze doesn't seem to mind it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; But I don't think we need to worry, these should only end up in the solr webapp</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; So shouldn't conflict with DSpace itself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That's a point to consider during the merging of the projects, though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yea, it's possible we could reanalyze those dependencies during project merger (could also try removing them immediately to see if it still builds, but I'm guessing their must have been a reason mhwood added them initially)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; yes, I'm just curious to know if solrj is really needed by the solr webapp from one side... and the other as we are doing an overlay of a standard solr webapp we should not declare a dependency from lucene-core (we should just rely on the base webapp)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; my last (old) concern is... do we really need a dspace-solr webapp? isn't it more simple to document well how to setup a standard solr distribution?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I think the web app makes it easier for user to test queries</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; actually the dspace-solr webapp only add basic security option (and with this PR default log4j configuration)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: regarding dspace-solr.  I think it's better to "ship with Solr" to lessen the number of things you have to install to get DSpace running.  But, we should document how folks could (optionally) instead use a standard solr</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; tdonohue +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; tdonohue: it could be a simplification... but we will need to provide new version of dspace-solr any time that solr go ahead</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: that depends on your point of view.  It's a "simplification" for us (developers)...but it potentially makes it harder on users/installers (as they need to figure out how to install/setup Solr before they can run DSpace)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; this becomes especially true as we "enable Discovery by default".  If we don't have Solr provided in DSpace, then we are essentially shipping a DSpace that is "broken" until you install &amp; configure Solr</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; let me remind you of our single strongest point: DSpace is an IR out-of-the-box</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; there is a lot of documentation about solr setup and installation... we only need to be sure that user make the solr server secure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; it is matter to add a row in the context.xml file something like the URIEncoding in tomcat</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Personally, I also wish we "shipped with Tomcat" at times (e.g. Fedora does, or at least gives you the option to use embedded Tomcat vs. external)...but, that might be even more controversial :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'd be OK with shipping with Tomcat</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: not necessarily tomcat, jetty is an option, as we just discussed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; We get a lot of questions on dspace-tech that are quite basic even at this point. This would get a lot worse if people had to figoure out how to sort out solr themselves.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger ducks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; when the dspace-solr was added there were additional requirement (support for grouping) that was not available in out-of-box solr installation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I did have to add a bug fix to the solr 3 to get our statistics working with it though, so I'm still in favor of keeping dspace-solr around.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; actually, I may have nightmares about Solr + Fedora + Drupal tonight (sorry Discovery Garden)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Noticing the time here... I think we need to get back "on track"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok, just raised the question to see if the general opinion was changed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I will try next year :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: no problem. It's fine to raise the question.  I just know that I'm fully on the bench that DSpace should be "easy to install"...  So, I'm currently -1 anything that causes an extra step in the installation process :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, I'm not against offering an *option* to install DSpace without Solr (and instead configure it to use a Solr you installed elsewhere)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so, on to our next point about migrating from postgres to sqlite... :D</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger faints.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok...going back to the agenda now...want to try to fit a few more small things in here :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-1609 bug  -- via the hard work of hpottinger &amp; mhwood, we have a PR ready for Lyncode (Joao) to fix this bug</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1609">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1609</a> ] - [#DS-1609] DSpace 3.2 OAI-PMH Functionality needs JDK 1.7 (Java 7) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I don't think there's much to discuss here... mostly we need to get in touch with Joao to see if he's willing to release a new version of the Lyncode XOAI module (which supports JDK 1.6+).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; tdonohue: talking about easy adoption/installation... I have the vagrant software in my to-do list <a href="http://docs.vagrantup.com/v2/why-vagrant/index.html">http://docs.vagrantup.com/v2/why-vagrant/index.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Vagrant Documentation ] - <a href="http://docs.vagrantup.com/v2/why-vagrant/index.html">http://docs.vagrantup.com/v2/why-vagrant/index.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Then, we may need to release a quick DSpace 3.3</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; bollini, let's talk about Vagrant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: ha..regarding Vagrant, hpottinger &amp; I have been talking about that frequently (but more for a Developer Environment...and not for *Production* systems)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; aschweer: what about our discussion of a proper debian package? shall we bite the bullet and try to become a DD?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I suppose I'll have to work out how to make a Gentoo ebuild then....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and an RPM for us corporate types</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; helix84: I think it might make sense first to find a DD to work with and figure out how far we can get. You don't have to be DD just to create the package(s)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Meanwhile, XOAI?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; hpottinger: yeah ironically my repos all run on RPM-based systems, but I know a little more about debs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; aschweer: agreed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini &amp; all: I have also been playing with Vagrant -- and I plan to post a very rough Vagrant config file I've been playing with to GitHub (stay tuned).  It doesn't yet install all of DSpace though... just does some basics to "get ready" for installing DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, mhwood is right...the topic here is XOAI ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is someone in touch with Joao regularly?  If not, I can try and get him via email to see if he can push out a new XOAI, so that we can fix it and release DSpace 3.3 immediately</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I'm happy to help test vagrant stuff (now that I see it works on Linux too) if required</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I'm going offline, I'm afraid my women need me. Until next time everybody !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Vagrant stuff: <a href="http://lso.umsystem.edu/~pottingerhj/article/24/my-new-toy-vagrant">http://lso.umsystem.edu/~pottingerhj/article/24/my-new-toy-vagrant</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ article: hardy@lso: my new toy: Vagrant ] - <a href="http://lso.umsystem.edu/~pottingerhj/article/24/my-new-toy-vagrant">http://lso.umsystem.edu/~pottingerhj/article/24/my-new-toy-vagrant</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Joao is pretty much unreachable now. The best way to contact him is email and I already did that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@apu.imelda.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; hmm... do we run off with the XOAI code at some point?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: If Joao is unreachable, do you know if there is someone else (at Lyncode) filling in for him that we could work with?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I can try that, but I think xoai is Joao's child</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Yep, I just confirmed that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; XOAI is Apache 2 Licensed -- we could "fork" it &amp; modify if we absolutely needed to. But, I'd obviously rather Joao work with us on it :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; the main question is what we want do with dspace 4 and java version</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, so, it's a possibility.... how long did we wait on Cocoon before we absorbed it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.. well, I'll try and email Joao too, see if we can track him down</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'd prefer to stay conservative</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; regarding Java version requirements</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; think of RHEL</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we can also provide in some way a xoai version that work on java 6 for the dspace 3.3 but it is not reasonable to work in this way too long (dspace 4.x)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 boll ini, just keeping track of 6 and 7 is difficult for testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; With DSpace 4, I'd recommend we actually look towards Java 7+.  Java 6 is EOL.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; apologies, bollini, OSX Mountain Lion has its sights set on your name...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't think we should continue to try to support versions of software which are "End of Life".  So, I think DSpace 3.x is the last version of DSpace that needs to support Java 6.  With DSpace 4, we can move that requirement up to Java 7.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I've had DSpace 1.8.2 crash on Java 7, but I think that was a problem with the local environment somehow, not with DSpace itself. And I haven't tried 3.x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so is this only a support problem or is there something in Java 7 that you really really want?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Travis-CI builds only with Java 7, BTW</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I'm 0 with this... as developer I'm in favour to move up but I'm concerned about people that will wait to update dspace due to the java update self</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; demo.dspace.org is running DSpace 3 on Java 7 (OpenJDK).  We're also doing DSpace 3 + Java 7 for DSpaceDirect service.  As far as I've seen so far (admittedly these aren't huge sites yet), DSpace 3 + Java 7 works fine.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; tdonohue: good to hear, thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; anyway, gotta run</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: my concern is not whether java 7 works fine, but that we may be moving too fast for institutions to keep up with OS upgrades</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; most of this Java 6 stack is going EOL</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There's nothing I absolutely *need* in Java 7...but as everything else is starting to require Java 7 as well, we shouldn't "limit ourselves" to having to support an older, End-of-life, Java 6.  It simplifies our development if we can concentrate on Java 7 and not need to test also against Java 6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i'mnot against supporting java 7 (which we already do) but against doing things that intentionally break backwards compatibility - unless there is a good reaso</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: actually we have problem to compile code for a library required by dspace-cris on openjdk6 but it works perfectly on oracle6,7 and openjdk7... so support for old VM require extra efforts</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: my "works fine" answer was for aschweer actually...she asked if Java 7 now worked ok with DSpace 3</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'll try to take a look at common platforms and their supported Java version, then we'll have some data to decide</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; what are we breaking backwards compatibility with?  older operating systems (which only have a Java 6 option)?  I guess I'm unclear how moving to Java 7 could be bad for us.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: data would be good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; after rummaging around in what Joao was doing with Java 7, I think it has pretty nice improvements to exception handling</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not convinced that there are recent operating systems that don't support Java 7 (I'm not aware of any offhand, especially since we also now support OpenJDK).... but if there's data to point to otherwise, then we can revisit.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: honestly, would you upgrade your OS to get that? (I'm not trying to imply that upgrading the OS is the only way)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; helix84, no, I'd upgrade my OS because my whole stack went EOL</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; patches are nice :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok...we're overtime here, but I was wanting to at least try and keep the discussion going around DSpace 4.0 Release Schedule.  abollini gave a suggested schedule, which we should all look at and comment on (either here or on dspace-release later)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; from last year's experience, if we do adopt Andrea's schedule, the RT will have to be very strict about the Feature Freeze deadline and all code already being ready by then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I've been tinkering with Java 7 a bit, as it supports creating hard links, which is helpful for managing creation of batch loads of large bitstreams... no reason to eat up disk space just to get a SAF batch set up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think my main comment on abollini's suggested schedule is that, because it is a relatively "tight" schedule, we'd have to be pretty strict about the "Feature Freeze"... and we'd also need to make the "Feature Freeze" the date that stuff must be MERGED into the code.... folks would need to have PRs submitted well in advance (weeks or a month) before the "Feature Freeze" to get a proper review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: excuse my ignorance - what does java have to do with hard links? that's an OS-specific feature, isn't it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 &amp; I just said essentially the same thing about the 4.0 suggested schedule :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I want to see us working with contributors to get stuff in early.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; helix84, it *is* OS-specific, Java 7 just supports it on operating systems that support them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yea, I think that's a great idea.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I like bollini's schedule</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've made a note to get my head out of the code and give scheduling proper attention tomorrow.  And this seems a reasonable starting point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: I'll pop on here tomorrow if you want to chat about it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think my main point around the "Feature Freeze" is that with the 3.0 release, there was some confusion around whether the "Feature Freeze" deadline referred to "last date new feature code can be merged/committed" OR the "last date new feature Pull Requests can be submitted".  We just need to clarify (to developers &amp; committers) that it's the former rather than the latter.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* l_a_p (~chatzilla@91.252.228.80) Quit (Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.90.1 [Firefox 22.0/20130618035212])</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Right now I do need to go.  Thanks, all!  Good point tdonohue.  WIll remember.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep. sounds good. we'll bring 4.0 to dspace-release list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and I'll also be on IRC tomorrow as needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; tdonohue: +1 Feature Freeze -&gt; last date to merge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, with that, I don't think we have anything else to discuss today.  Obviously we're well over time here.  I'll still be around for a little bit, but the official meeting is closed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I will try but probably you will start chat on IRC too late for me (your morning is afternoon in Italy)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; bye. Good night to all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (~chatzilla@host56-223-dynamic.181-80-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) Quit (Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.90.1 [Firefox 22.0/20130618035212])</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; night!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamatis_ (5b8c64da@gateway/web/freenode/ip.91.140.100.218) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; can anyone with some experience with maven please take a look at [Dspace-tech] FW: DSpace 3.2 Failed to resolve artifact ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; this missing artifact message pops up every now and then and I'm not sure what causes it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; and I meant it always did pop up randomly, I can remember it since 1.8.x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: I just answered...to me it sounds like he's got the wrong version of the code.  Either that, or some POM (somewhere in his code) is pointing at 4.0-SNAPSHOT (when it shouldn't be).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: I just looked around at the 3.2 tagged code...the root POM and the POM he got the error from both say version "3.2".  So, I'm not sure where the 4.0-SNAPSHOT is coming from</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; he's compiling from source, probably</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; if he's compiling, it might help to first run a mvn install</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but to clarify, he shouldn't need a "mvn install" if he's compiling from a tagged (stable) version, as Maven should go grab the dependencies from Maven Central.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The only way (I can think of) to get this 4.0-SNAPSHOT error would be to (1) Checkout "master" (2) cd [src]/dspace/ (3) mvn package  (without first running "mvn install") -&gt; this should error as the 4.0-SNAPSHOT dependencies won't be found in Central or in your ~/.m2 (until you run mvn install, or build from [src] root directory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Gotta run, bye!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* edInCo (~edInCo@seta.coalliance.org) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* edInCo (~edInCo@c-174-51-171-25.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
