<span class="irc-date">[1:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@cm21.eta98.maxonline.com.sg) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@cm21.eta98.maxonline.com.sg) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@74-84-98-51.client.mchsi.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@74-84-98-51.client.mchsi.com) Quit (Quit: Later, taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* fasseg (~ruckus@91.112.215.154) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bram-atmire (~bram@94-225-35-170.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* RichardJones (~richard@188-222-5-105.zone13.bethere.co.uk) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Reminder, DSpace Devel Mtg starts at top of the hour (~3 mins).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamatis_ (5b8c1947@gateway/web/freenode/ip.91.140.25.71) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, and welcome to our weekly DSpace Devel Mtg.  Today we have an informal agenda (mostly cause I hadn't had a chance to write one up today, my apologies).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; However, the topics I believe we should cover are:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1) Updates on the JSPUI security issue status &amp; working towards release &amp; notification of public.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* l_a_p (~chatzilla@31.189.204.32) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2) DSpace Developers OR13 Meeting agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-07-08+-+OR13+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-07-08+-+OR13+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2013-07-08 - OR13 Meeting - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-07-08+-+OR13+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-07-08+-+OR13+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 3) if we have time, we are free to discuss other topics (4.0, or whatever else is on your minds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; We also have a topic about swordv2, and we have RichardJones here today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I believe RichardJones has an agenda item</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; if there's time, I'd be interested in talking a bit about how to maintain 3rd party modules as part of DSpace - in particular swordv2 and to a lesser extend resourcesync</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; one of which I'd like to get into the main release (the new version of swordv2) but the other which is experimental, so doesn't belong in the main codebase</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that sounds reasonable to add as well, RichardJones.  I wonder though if we should start off with the security issue discussion however (as I see that as top priority)?  Just want to make sure we keep on top of getting that done</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; yup, I'm happy to fit into item (3) :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.  So, kicking things off #1 : I just wanted to update folks on the JSPUI Security issue (again, reminder...please don't add any specifics to this discussion -- we are being logged and this issue is still being resolved)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis_&gt; Hardy seems to have done great job regarding the security issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis_&gt; Didn't have time to test it, but I would do so today or tommorow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, hpottinger has a proposed fix &amp; has done a great job.  The fix currently is only ready/tested for 3.x (so far)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; ah, shucks, I had help :-) mhwood in particular pointed me towards the improved security libraries</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis_&gt; I could port it to previous versions if we are sure that this is the optimal solution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As of (literally) a few minutes ago, we now have the ability to release a security release of 1.7.x &amp; 1.8.x (per our policies).  I've been doing some cleanup of our old branches to ensure they build properly in GitHub &amp; Maven 3 (See DS-1587).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1587">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1587</a> ] - [#DS-1587] Update 1.7.x and 1.8.x branches for Git/GitHub - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As of a moment ago, DS-1587 seems to be "fixed" (or at least it's fixed for both hpottinger &amp; I)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1587">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1587</a> ] - [#DS-1587] Update 1.7.x and 1.8.x branches for Git/GitHub - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue is correct, I can run mvn install for both 1.7 and 1.8 branches</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We needed Ds-1587 to get resolved in order to be able to "backport" hardy's work.  So, now someone can backport Hardy's JSPUI fix to 1.7.x and 1.8.x JSPUIs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and it sounds like kstamatis_ just volunteered to help with the backport to 1.7.x and 1.8.x?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis_&gt; true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OR13 is next week, fixing bugs is like buying yourself beer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks kstamatis_!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OR13 is actually in two weeks, though it feels like next week :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oh, correct, I leave for PEI this weekend</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, kstamatis_ can you let us know (via dspace-commit or IRC) once you have a successful backport ready to go?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis_&gt; sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Once the backport is ready &amp; tested...we will be performing a (nearly simultaneous) release of 1.7.3, 1.8.3, and 3.2 to fix this issue.  Then we'll report it to the general public and encourage upgrading to one of those versions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other questions/comments on this security issue topic? (Just want to be sure I'm not missing anything)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, hearing none...we'll move on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (if anything comes up, feel free to send us all an email on dspace-commit!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next topic:  OR13 DSpace Developers Mtg.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We've got a nice list of attendees (22 folks) and a good looking agenda list so far</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; agenda list: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-07-08+-+OR13+Meeting#DevMtg2013-07-08-OR13Meeting-PossibleAgendaDiscussionTopics">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-07-08+-+OR13+Meeting#DevMtg2013-07-08-OR13Meeting-PossibleAgendaDiscussionTopics</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2013-07-08 - OR13 Meeting - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-07-08+-+OR13+Meeting#DevMtg2013-07-08-OR13Meeting-PossibleAgendaDiscussionTopics">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-07-08+-+OR13+Meeting#DevMtg2013-07-08-OR13Meeting-PossibleAgendaDiscussionTopics</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think we have a "full enough" agenda (for our 4 hours). But if anyone has any last topics, please feel free to forward my way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* bram-atmire can't wait</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I will be working to "finalize" the agenda this week &amp; next week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; i need to add myself to that list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, if anyone would like to lead a particular discussion topic (looking towards hpottinger/mhwood around 4.0 topic?), let me know.  I'd rather not be the only one talking at folks the entire time ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Looking forward to building momentum on the metadata cleanup.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll look at getting a final agenda schedule posted (with some breaks) in the next week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; Are there any decisions that need to be taken at OR?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One final note, regarding the "after meeting pub" that we all will go to...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I noticed there's a "Bar Bingo" that night.  Not sure if we want to join that, or strike out on our own.  But, we can all think about it: <a href="http://or2013.net/content/bar-bingo-monday-night">http://or2013.net/content/bar-bingo-monday-night</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Bar Bingo - Monday Night | OR2013 ] - <a href="http://or2013.net/content/bar-bingo-monday-night">http://or2013.net/content/bar-bingo-monday-night</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ruebot is now known as bilbo_baggins</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bilbo_baggins is now known as gollum</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* gollum is now known as ruebot</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; Thinking back about 2 years ago in TX, where the discussion about the versioning eventually lead to the decision to call the next release 3.0 instead of 1.9 ? (or do I remember that incorrectly?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bram-atmire:  regarding decisions..it'd be nice to get a better picture of 4.0 (I feel like it's still very "undefined").  We are looking to get feedback on the initial DSpace 3-5 year Vision and proposed next steps (but that's just feedback/suggestions)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It'd be nice to figure out where the metadata cleanup discussion fits in (and like mhwood says, build momentum &amp; get next steps)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; bram-atmire: your memory is correct, that discussion/decision was in Austin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There are no specific decisions that I felt *need* to happen at OR13.  But, if anyone else feels otherwise, please feel free to speak up.   It would be nice to make progress / determine next steps on each of our agenda items though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it would be great to have a better picture of what 4.0 will look like, and in particular, who is on the RT. Right now it's mhwood and me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, our 4.0 Release Team needs more members &amp; the release itself needs better definition.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We also may want to add an agenda item (thinking out loud here) for determining what "big topics" need to be discussed in future DSpace Devel Mtgs (whether via IRC, or maybe via a Virtual Summit if needed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm just looking at the fact that 4 hours is not much time overall, but hopefully we can make some headway in all these topics</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; everyone's insights are usually so good, that it's easy to lose track</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; if something can be formulated as some kind of decision process, it could be easier to channel focus, or to have people look into this prior to the meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; for example, the translationwiki stuff: it's been circulating, but it might be a good boost if the people at the meeting would formally all agree on the idea that such a move is a good one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bram-atmire:  I agree. The only thing that seems like it could fit that bill though is the "DCAT proposal to improve metadata support"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, yea, that's fine too. If you want to specifically talk about that, we should add it to the agenda</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; The DCAT proposal translates into several technical aspects, like metadata for all, locking down schema's, separating out admin schema vs standard dc vs local customizations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; and it's a pity that the DCAT presentation/panel about this is only later in the week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; one technical piece of the metadata stuff is mdiggory's vision here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Proposal+For+Metadata+Enhancement">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Proposal+For+Metadata+Enhancement</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Proposal For Metadata Enhancement - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Proposal+For+Metadata+Enhancement">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Proposal+For+Metadata+Enhancement</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; but although it overlaps with the DCAT work, it's not a 1-1 match</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; anyway, just a very elaborate way for saying</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; that it won't be a binary decision on whether the meeting backs the DCAT proposal or not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; but that's just my personal take on things how I see them right now, could be wrong</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; More like several decisions:  when and in what order.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; exactly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; right...I was hoping to at least come to a few decisions around metadata (the "when and what order") or at least a general consensus that things seem to be moving in a "good direction". But, I agree it won't be a binary decision</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* bram-atmire apologises, got to go</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bram-atmire (~bram@94-225-35-170.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: bram-atmire)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, so, shame bram had to leave.  Does anyone else have any suggestions on this meeting agenda?  This is obviously *our* meeting...so, we should decide together what topics we'd like to cover and whether there are areas we'd like to see a decision happen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; If you think we need some filler. A show&amp;tell would be interesting to see what each person been working on.  Maybe a lightning round (less than a full presentation length)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It does seem like a full agenda, but we could always postpone some discussions for *after OR13*, if there are more important topics</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I could talk about Elasticsearch / Statistics, REST API, dissemination interceptors for PDF</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz, as nice an idea as a lightning round is, I'm more worried about not having enough time to cover the topics we have... 4 hours is not very long..but if we had extra time, I'm willing!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; show and tell may take over the meeting, but I like the idea, maybe incorporate it as part of introductions: who are you, where are you from, and what's the coolest thing you're working on right now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and bring notebooks to the pub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, we could do something like that with the intro (so at least folks could meet up and talk later at the pub)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis_&gt; even if this is not part of the agenda, it would be a good idea for the new committers to know who is working on what... so, if it is a good idea even if it doesn't fit in the agenda</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, makes perfect sense</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I suspect some of the "who is working on what" may end up coming out during discussion of 4.0 (e.g. "what are folks working on that may be ready for 4.0"), but we'll see</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. any other ideas / thoughts regarding the OR13 mtg?  Please feel free to send me an email (or email dspace-commit) if there's a topic that comes to mind that you feel would be worth touching on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. I think we're done with that topic now too.  Which should bring us to #3 : RichardJones topic around SWORD / ResourceSync / third party module maintenance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; maybe, pending a discussion here about third party modules, it would be interesting to see what others there think - am i in a unique position, or is it an itch that others need to scratch too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; ah, yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; was typing while you were!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Please expand a bit on "third party module".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; ok, so the question has arisen because I'm currently in the situation where I have two modules for DSpace that I'm working on: SWORDv2 (<a href="https://github.com/swordapp/DSpaceSWORDv2)">https://github.com/swordapp/DSpaceSWORDv2)</a> and ResourceSync (<a href="https://github.com/CottageLabs/DSpaceResourceSync)">https://github.com/CottageLabs/DSpaceResourceSync)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; one of them is a derivative of code in a fork of DSpace 1.8 with a load of enhancements (the swordv2 one)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; I'd like to contrib it back for 4.0, but haven't been able to do the relevant git kung-fu to separate the code that I wrote for the sword2 module from the other localisations I wrote for the project concerned in that same forked repo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; so I've created this revision-history-less repo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; (<a href="https://github.com/swordapp/DSpaceSWORDv2)">https://github.com/swordapp/DSpaceSWORDv2)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; not sure what the real best thing to do with contributing it is, though, so looking for advice</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So that's why it doesn't seem to be a fork off of DSpace/dspace -- I'd wondered.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; "derivative" means produced by "git filter-branch" ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; no, there's no git relationship at all between that code, and the original forked code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; it is just "the same" code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; I wanted to circulate it for people to play with independently of the project I developed it during (<a href="https://github.com/nye-duo/DSpace)">https://github.com/nye-duo/DSpace)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; ok, so to give you the rest of the background</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; ah, OK, I've been doing something similar with git filter-branch and XMLUI themes, and have been using git submodules to pull the code back in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; I have also been working on an experimental, proof-of-concept implementation of ResourceSync (<a href="http://www.openarchives.org/rs/0.9/)">http://www.openarchives.org/rs/0.9/)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; This code is absolutely not fit for inclusion into 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; but I would like a nice way of circulating it in a way that other DSpace users could easily include it to evaluate or ultimately contribute to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; (my notes on submodules and pulling out theme files: <a href="http://lso.umsystem.edu/~pottingerhj/article/23/how-to-pull-theme-files-out-of-a-dspace-git-repository-into-their-own-git-repository)">http://lso.umsystem.edu/~pottingerhj/article/23/how-to-pull-theme-files-out-of-a-dspace-git-repository-into-their-own-git-repository)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ article: hardy@lso: how to pull theme files out of a DSpace git repository into their own git repository ] - <a href="http://lso.umsystem.edu/~pottingerhj/article/23/how-to-pull-theme-files-out-of-a-dspace-git-repository-into-their-own-git-repository)">http://lso.umsystem.edu/~pottingerhj/article/23/how-to-pull-theme-files-out-of-a-dspace-git-repository-into-their-own-git-repository)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; hpottinger: I did play with the git filter-branch for a while, but I didn't get quite the result I was looking for</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; that allowed me to filter just a directory, but I also need to extract some config files in a different directory from the main code (which resides in dspace-swordv2)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; basically, I'm a really low-skill git user :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it sounds like (in a way), RichardJones, you are actually asking for a "plugin model" for DSpace? (I.e. a way to build these third party modules and make them easy to install in a DSpace).  At least that seems to be the idea for ResourceSync.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; tdonohue: yes, I think so, but also perhaps more</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; With the SWORDv2 stuff...the ideal would have been to "fork" our main GitHub repo, and build from that.  But, until this morning, our "dspace-1_8_x" branch in GitHub was broken (as it still pointed at SVN), so forking it would not have helped</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; So, either some git-magic to allow for a (sub)project to be trackable in multiple repositories. Or to just make it into a standalone plugin/module</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; so, for example, if I wanted to continue development of the DSpaceSWORDv2 module, and periodically contrib changes, is there an easier way than the current set up. (e.g. use of git submodules)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I like the idea of using a git submodule, to keep the plugin's history separate from the core repository history</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; git submodule / git subtree merge sound like good options.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Something like ResourceSync can be a free-standing project that depends on DSpace artifacts and just drops in alongside DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; PeterDietz: possibly; I don't want to suggest a solution myself, as I don't have the knowledge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; We've had this issue of dspace code, that isn't in the repository with the dspace-services code. I think that if something is IN DSpace, we want to see it in the DSpace source tree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; RichardJones: maybe outline what it is you'd like to happen, and then we see if we can figure out a way to make it happen, using existing tools?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; mhwood: yes, almost - the main issue is that you can't just drop in the webapp - you need to add the dependencies to the main DSpace pom, as it also has a CLI component</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm unsure why one couldn't just fork DSpace/dspace, create a SWORDv2-development branch, and from time to time request pulls back to DSpace/dspace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; mhwood That was my plan originally, but it seems to have become tricky to feed that code back</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; what part is "tricky", do  you recall?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; hpottinger: well, what I want to do is what is best for DSpace; I certainly can see the desire to have the code that is in DSpace IN DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The ResourceSync CLI component can be packed in a distinct JAR, and the install procedure just places it in [DSpace]/lib.  It becomes part of the classpath automagically.  The tricky bit is getting the launcher to recognize it.  I don't think we have that kind of modularity yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; tdonohue: well, it's against a version of DSpace that's a few revisions old, and merging it forward and also extracting all the stuff that isn't to be contributed to DSpace seems difficult/impossible without losing revision history</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; mhwood: that doesn't address the issue of the additional dependencies of the CLI module</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Install those JARs too?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; otherwise, that is basically how the code works already, I have a -classes.jar that can be deployed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I wonder if there are two parallel (seemingly similar, but possibly not) issues here:  (1) How to contribute changes to *existing* DSpace modules (ones already in the codebase) and (2) How to maintain a third-party module which just "plugs into" DSpace (but isn't out-of-the-box)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (1) is something that could be helped by Git-fu.   But, (2) is something that really cannot...it's more an issue around how difficult it may be to install a "plugin" to DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; tdonohue: for the record, it is waaay easier these days to add new webapps to DSpace.  It's really incorporating any schema changes, configuration or CLI-related stuff that requires manual intervention</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; I suppose there's also a sort of (3) how to alert DSpace users that such 3rd party modules exist</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; The App Store! :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; :D</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, I agree. I just know that #2  &amp; #3 also affects things like "dspace-replicate" plugin cause it adds new configs/CL stuff (<a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate)">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I can understand the concern here..it's one I have as well.  I think the unfortunate reality is "we don't have an answer, yet".  But we need to figure out a better way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; EPrints has this "Bazaar", and while that's perhaps not quite right for DSpace, something along those lines would be great</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Configuration is more modular these days too, if we exercise some discipline over the configuration namespace (which hasn't been done so much in the past.)-:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm wondering if our plugin/module structure is a bit creaky.. Meaning can Richard's module bring its own schema-updates, CLI additions, and config additions.. Or to work, does it need to inject something into dspace/config dspace/lib, ...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think we *do* have some answers around #1 (contributing changes back)...mostly around Git.  But, the third-party plugin model is still a bit lacking</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; I'd be very happy to work with someone to help me figure out the git-fu required to contrib back what I have so far</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; (with revision hsitory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think the CLI stuff can be modularized with a little work on the launcher to read more than one configuration file.  Config can probably be managed without a lot of work.  Schema is the killer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Schema will want tools, and again namespace discipline.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; I've tried to keep config separate where possible, but some changes are additions of new plugins which require plugin configurations which are in dspace.cfg to be modified</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ugh, yes, the plugin manager configuration scheme needs thorough rework.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Schema is applied by a tool, the tool could be revised to look in new locations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; fortunately, in these particular modules, I don't have schema changes - but it is something I have encountered before</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; For the example of "dspace-replicate". it just adds new configs (needing to be placed manually in dspace/config/modules) and pulls in new JARs.  The step of having to manually add configs to your DSpace would be nice to cleanup.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; there's also things like adding/removing xmlui aspects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I agree, schema changes may not necessarily be the most prevalent use case here... more likely to need to add new configs/JARs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If an add-on is laid out the same way as DSpace then it can just be copied over [DSpace] so long as it doesn't collide with existing files.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ant could do that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; well, we're over-time, but I do have an announcement of sorts, the RT has conferred, and we have selected an RC (tentative, if we get more RT members, we can re-vote): mhwood is the 4.0 RC, for now, anyway, all hail mhwood, and extend him your thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: I have often wondered if we just need a simple "addon package" (zip file) which Ant can unzip &amp; install for you.  We'd just need to define what that Zip structure looks like and build the ant tools to manage install/uninstall/upgrade</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: I think Richard Rodger's MDS does that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The plugin manager needs work.  Maybe Spring-ify it and drop plugin config. stuff (which is rather structured, bad for .properties format) into Yet Another config/spring/blah directory.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yay for mhwood as 4.0 Release Team leader!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yea, I think RichardR's MDS work does have something like that...although the painful part is figuring out how to "upgrade" an add-on.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; mhwood: great :)  just let me know what I can do to help the swordv2 contrib along in the appropriate way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Will do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think we just need to find someone with a bit of Git-fu to help out, RichardJones.  I'd be willing, but my time is lacking right now... maybe if I can find some hours</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; would be much appreciated!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I propose we sort this out over a pint of beer on PEI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; It *will* be a hackathon day anyway</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We need a list of "integration points" for add-ons, so we know what to work on and can see if there are some which could be consolidated somehow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think our open question here is "how do we ease the installation of third-party 'add-ons'". This is a topic we need to touch back on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; mhwood: I've done a /load/ of add-on stuff for DSpace, so can help brainstorm that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; actually, we may sort it out in the pub, but I think the conversation should start at the Dev mtg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good, thank you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Agenda item for Dev meeting:  what new modularity do we need to ease the creation/maintenance of add-ons?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; some add-on "integration points" already mentioned today:  configs, dependencies (JARs), XMLUI Aspects, XMLUI themes?.   Not as prevalent (but possible): DB schema</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: good topic, will add it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; metadata and format registries</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; shellfish reminder: if any of you have upgraded to 3.1 and want to crow about it, e-mail me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As we are "over time", obviously no more official topics for today (and I may be going into "lurking" shortly).  But, feel free to continue discussion as long as you wish to.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; it's quite late here, so I may slink off</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; brb, need tea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; looking forward to the dev mtg at or13 though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks for staying up late for us, RichardJones.  See you at or13!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Metadata needs thought about modularity.  Fortunately there are already people thinking about disentangling all the stuff that got/gets piled into our "DC" schema.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; will be good to catch up with all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;RichardJones&gt; ok, thanks for listening to my ramblings folks, see you soon!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; See you there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* RichardJones (~richard@188-222-5-105.zone13.bethere.co.uk) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I have to go too.  'bye all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis_&gt; bye everyone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* l_a_p (~chatzilla@31.189.204.32) Quit (Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.90 [Firefox 21.0/20130511120803])</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamatis_ (5b8c1947@gateway/web/freenode/ip.91.140.25.71) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm back, but, alas, everyone has left</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Later, taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:24]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-tomaw- [Global Notice] Hi all, we just experienced a little unexpected issue with the webchat resulting in all its users being momentarily kicked off the service. It's back working correctly now. Sorry for the inconvenience!</span><br />
