<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2014-04-30
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd2 (~kim@121-99-147-19.bng1.nct.orcon.net.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd2 (~kim@121-99-147-19.bng1.nct.orcon.net.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@lib-css1pfw-krc.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@lib-css1pfw-krc.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDie_ (~peterdiet@lib-css1pfw-krc.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDie_ (~peterdiet@lib-css1pfw-krc.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dietz72m1.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDie_ (~peterdiet@lib-css1pfw-krc.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dietz72m1.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* edInCo (~smuxi@seta.coalliance.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Jeb (c6521fee@gateway/web/freenode/ip.198.82.31.238) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Jeb (c6521fee@gateway/web/freenode/ip.198.82.31.238) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jschiefer (~jschiefer@nc6521fee.cns.vt.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jschiefer (~jschiefer@nc6521fee.cns.vt.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jschiefer (~jschiefer@nc6521fee.cns.vt.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-232-223.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jschiefer (~jschiefer@nc6521fee.cns.vt.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jschiefer (~jschiefer@nc6521fee.cns.vt.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jschiefer (~jschiefer@nc6521fee.cns.vt.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDie_ (~peterdiet@lib-css1pfw-krc.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jschiefer (~jschiefer@nc6521fee.cns.vt.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jschiefer (~jschiefer@nc6521fee.cns.vt.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jschiefer (~jschiefer@nc6521fee.cns.vt.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~anonymous@cpe-76-176-128-229.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dspacedev (0cf896aa@gateway/web/freenode/ip.12.248.150.170) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-232-223.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithg (~keithgilb@2600:1003:b12c:3b70:60b6:5906:2c90:10e7) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi All, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Meeting.  This week is another "Let's Talk about Features" meeting: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-04-30+-+Let%27s+Talk+About+Features">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-04-30+-+Let%27s+Talk+About+Features</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-04-30 - Let's Talk About Features - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-04-30+-+Let%27s+Talk+About+Features">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-04-30+-+Let%27s+Talk+About+Features</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Before we get started though, just wanted to make sure to mention that I've just posted the details about the OR14 DSpace Developers Meeting. If you plan to attend, I'd like to ask you to sign up on our agenda page at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-06-09 - OR14 Meeting - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, for the "Let's Talk about Features" meeting, I didn't get as many topics sent to me as last time.  But, Anja Le Blanc emailed me this morning about a few small topics for discussion (both on the agenda)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamatis (2ebe4bcb@gateway/web/freenode/ip.46.190.75.203) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll admit, I don't have a lot of details about Anja's topics (didn't get to talk with her directly).. But, first she wanted to just update us on some REST API updates she's been working on (see #1 in agenda)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (oh, and Anja said she wouldn't be able to attend this discussion today, but she'd read the logs later on, for any feedback we had for her)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; the stats addition looks cool and useful</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, I agree. The "Stats recording" idea (#2 in the agenda) sounds interesting to me as well. It would be useful to understand stats in UI vs REST vs [whatever].</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I agree, both topics look interesting, I'd like to see the code, if there is a "pre PR branch" we can look at, Anja of the future (hi!) would you please send us a link to it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; #1 seems like two separate things to me.  The PR is for adding context to REST responses; the discussion is something about piling more stat. rendering code into DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Theres alot in that Pull request… Search, Context, Stats...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; My mistake, not rendering but RESTful access.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oh, hey, it's mdiggory!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, hey there mdiggory :)  Nice to see you!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; It might be better to break it up, I also see alot of work on METS Manfiests there too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I finally sliced out a little time in my schedule</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree though, the PR might need to be broken up a bit...it's better to have multiple PRs (one per change) if possible...it makes it easier for us to review the code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yay, time-slicer!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; a PR per issue is a good call, helpful if one needs to revert a change later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I have an a ulterior motive in regards tot he topic in the list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, sounds like the basic feedback for Anja is that both ideas sound interesting...but the PR might be good to break up into its component parts (it's a bit large and hard to review, as-is, plus I notice the PR still needs some cleanup as it includes unrelated commits)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; pulling it apart might help with the cleanup</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Per Context Management, there are two methods I can recommend, 1. like XMLUI/JSPUI, creat it in the filter prior to processing 2.) move it into ServiceManager / RequestService lifecycle</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Using the latter allows for not having to pass it around through method parameters</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Are we talking about the same "context" here and in Ds-1854?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mdiggory, I think, might be refering to the recent mail list messages from PeterDietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Oh.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; no, I was looking in the pull request...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DSPR#434</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/434">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/434</a> ] - DS-1854 by AnjaLeBlanc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood comment above</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: #1 seems like two separate things to me.  The PR is for adding context to REST responses; the discussion is something about piling more stat. rendering code into DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Maybe your referring to @Context as opposed to actual dspace Context</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-232-223.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mdiggory: do you have a line number link you can share for the piece of 434 (re: context management) that you're talking about? (hoping the help people follow along)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/434/files#diff-c68045b7bb387a28c47be07536dcbdc1R80">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/434/files#diff-c68045b7bb387a28c47be07536dcbdc1R80</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1854 by AnjaLeBlanc · Pull Request #434 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/434/files#diff-c68045b7bb387a28c47be07536dcbdc1R80">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/434/files#diff-c68045b7bb387a28c47be07536dcbdc1R80</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Referring to this:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; * In the reply to queries (except for queries for single  items/collections/communities) part of the returned data is a meta data  block like:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; &lt;context&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt;   &lt;limit&gt;100&lt;/limit&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt;   &lt;offset&gt;0&lt;/offset&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt;   &lt;query&gt;<a href="http://localhost:8080/rest/items/search?author=burke&amp;expand=metadata&amp;title="Synagogue">http://localhost:8080/rest/items/search?author=burke&amp;expand=metadata&amp;title="Synagogue</a> sanctuary"&lt;/query&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt;   &lt;query_date&gt;2014-01-07T15:40:13&lt;/query_date&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt;   &lt;total_count&gt;2&lt;/total_count&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; &lt;/context&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; PeterDietz probibly has more context ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-232-223.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Pk, so its something completely different then….I would suggest a different terminology. context is a bit overloaded</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dietz72m1.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, this all sounds like good feedback for Anja.  Anything else to touch upon?  (I was just sent another Feature discussion topic which we can move along to once we are ready.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Hi All, sorry, kind of in a meeting right now :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ok, available now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So, I do just want to announce that we are hoping to contribute back in the REST area, we are implementing Tier 1 parts of the DataONE Member Node REST API <a href="http://mule1.dataone.org/ArchitectureDocs-current/apis/">http://mule1.dataone.org/ArchitectureDocs-current/apis/</a> for DSpace during this next quarter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DataONE APIs — v1.2.0 ] - <a href="http://mule1.dataone.org/ArchitectureDocs-current/apis/">http://mule1.dataone.org/ArchitectureDocs-current/apis/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The architecture will use dspace-rest as a model</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Jersey / Etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Awesome, I would love to have some development/collaboration on this space</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Absolutely, there will be many synergies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds like a good collaborative opportunity?  A way to really test-drive REST in some real-life scenarios</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'll have a lot more time to devote to DSpace soon, as I'm changing positions, to work for Longsight. So I think I'll be able to do a mix of client work, and pure embetterment of DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, and congrats again, PeterDietz.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger is giddy with joy, this all sounds great!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithg&gt;  congratulations, Peter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sounds like a good opportunity PeterDietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Congratulations.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, since it sounds like REST discussion is winding down a bit here (though please do keep us all updated!)...wanting to move along to the next topic (refresh the agenda if you have it up)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'll be all ears on REST, but we can move along I suppose. I want to take a peek at DatabaseManager/pool before I crank more on REST</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next topic: jschiefer (an undergrad at Virginia Tech) is working with another undergrad (Paul Sharma) and keithg.  They have a project to enable Embargo from the commandline in DSpace 4.x: <a href="https://github.com/jebschiefer/DSpace/tree/cli-embargo-4_x">https://github.com/jebschiefer/DSpace/tree/cli-embargo-4_x</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ jebschiefer/DSpace at cli-embargo-4_x · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/jebschiefer/DSpace/tree/cli-embargo-4_x">https://github.com/jebschiefer/DSpace/tree/cli-embargo-4_x</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; Hello all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oh, hey, welcome, jschiefer!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Welcome jschiefer!  Thanks for joining the discussion and bringing along your project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Welcome.  Your work sounds quite useful.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ah, define embargo in contents file for ItemImport</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; So this project was intended to bring the same embargo functionality in the webuis to ItemImport</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree that this sounds like a generally useful project.  I suspect there are many other DSpace users who would want the ability to manage embargoes from itemimport</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; currently we look for "\tembargo:&lt;date&gt;" in the contents file</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; One thought, may be also good to have CLI commands to set embargo dates on exisiting items/bitstreams.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mdiggory: via the itemupdate command?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; probibly, yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; jschiefer: your approach to look for a "\tembargo:" sounds reasonable to me.  I agree that, if it fits in your project's scope, it could be interesting to also find a way to update/change embargoes (via itemupdate or similar), but it probably isn't required of this contribution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; So, it would add to: <a href="https://github.com/peterdietz/SAFBuilder/wiki#advanced-usage,">https://github.com/peterdietz/SAFBuilder/wiki#advanced-usage,</a> if that got into DSpace, I would update the SAFBuilder to support</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Home · peterdietz/SAFBuilder Wiki · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/peterdietz/SAFBuilder/wiki#advanced-usage,">https://github.com/peterdietz/SAFBuilder/wiki#advanced-usage,</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but maybe other areas? CSV Metadata Import,</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDie_ (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-232-223.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; jschiefer: I also should note that I'm betting it would *not* be hard to port this work to DSpace 5.x (even if you are targeting Dspace 4.x right now).  Currently, there isn't too much committed for DSpace 5.x, so most any code that works for 4.x likely will work for 5.x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDie_ (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-232-223.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDie_ (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-232-223.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; tdonohue: I believe you are correct. I believe we only rely on code that has been present since 3.x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; We also have two other ways of embargoing via itemimport that my partner added</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; -g &lt;group name&gt; to embargo against a group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; And another text file which contains the date to embargo an entire item -- this feels clunky though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dietz72m1.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; adding another text file just for a date does sound slightly clunky.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; When using the contents file, in my testing I've found the entire item gets embargoed even though the resource policy reflects it was only set for the bitstream</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; So the extra file may be overkill</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One thing that might help here would be to consider creating a Pull Request for us (even if it's against our 'dspace-4.x' branch). It's often easier for us to get a full picture of the code changes through a PR (plus it's easier to comment on individual lines, etc).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; Sure thing, we can probably do that this weekend</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bitsream level embargo should only impact bitstream.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We actually don't mind it if people create Pull Requests early on in the development process (you're welcome to even state that it's "not ready to be merged"), just cause PRs are much easier to visualize</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not embargo entire Item</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; mdiggory: that was my understanding as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: yep, I agree. I wonder myself if it's a small bug in the custom work, but it's hard to say for certain right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; Should a jira ticket be opened for this as well?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I also think adding the metadata fields for embargoTerms to the dublin core metadata record should be able to trigger embargo of all bitstreams in Item.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, is there any other feedback you'd want or questions you have for us, jschiefer (or keithg)?  Honestly, it sounds like good work!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Tangent:  "new" embargo no longer uses pluggable "terms", right?  I was concerned about the assumption that the embargo terms are just dates, but it looks like the new style always takes dates?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; jschiefer: yea, a JIRA ticket also should be opened.  We use JIRA as to plot out what goes in each release...so each PR needs to be associated with a JIRA ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; one last thing, it would be really good to have something that verified/enfoced resetting of embargo policies int he event that a change in the item violates embargterm identified in the metadata (a consumer or something)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Embargo is a sensitive security / access control topic,</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; this is minor, but one of the first lines in the compare diff shows a commented out line:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +//import org.junit.runner.JUnitCore;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; if it needs to go, it needs to go :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; Certainly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; Still a work in progress</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDie_ (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-232-223.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; When intended embargo terms arn't met by the repository, either through misconfiguration or user error, the repercussions impact organziations and stakeholders at very high levels.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: I'm not sure I even fully understand how your comments play into this itemimport + embargo idea... but, maybe it'd be easier to understand once we have a PR to post comments against, or a JIRA ticket.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; Could you give an example?  I'm still pretty new to DSpace and how it works</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, or an example or two could help :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: I'll differ till then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds to me like something deeper in the code.  Like, Bitstream should always check for embargo compliance when rights are adjusted, or some such.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We have two mechanisms that "induce" embargo, 1. metadata fields, 2. resource policies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; metadata fields identify a general embargo across all bitstreams in the item (dc.description.embargoterms / dc.date.embargountil )</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; resource policies have date range settings that actually control access on the bitstream  independent of the above metadata fields</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; when the two are not aligned… issues happen such as embargo resourcepolicies not getting set on the bitstream</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Are "metadata fields" ever even recommended in DSpace 4.x though?  They are disabled by default in DSpace 4.x, and require extra configuration &amp; and extra cron job to even enable them.  The Documentation even talks about how to migrate 3.x embargoes to 4.x?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; I see. We are only set resource policies right now so this is definitely something we need to look into</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; when DSpace default_bitstream_read policies on the collection are present that can create conditions that set the bitstream to be anonymous read as a default</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithg&gt; jschiefer: i can show you how the metadata fields work for embargo next time we meet, if you're interested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; keithg: That would be helpful</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: may be true, but they are still there… and some folks use them (us included) they are useful for embargoing through SWORD and MetadataImport</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I realized I have my versions wrong..it was *pre-3.x" which used metadata field embargoes.  Starting at 3.x, things mostly switched to resource policies (which is the default)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; maybe we need to have a larger embargo discussion?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt;  Time to sunset "old" embargo code?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: hmm...that's worrisome in general. My "assumption" here was that the pre-3.x embargoes would at some point "go away" (no longer be possible), or be replaced by something which is more compatible with resourcepolicies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to a larger embargo discussion. I don't like the idea of maintaining two forms of embargo which can cause oddities if they are not "aligned"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: that would be why jschiefer work is valuable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; maybe a whole "special topics" meeting for embargo, prior to the PR deadline?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and why well defined mechanisms to set embargo through ItemImport contents files, and METS Manifests for METS/AIP packagers will reduce occurance of this previous approach</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: I agree. Though I wouldn't want to hold up jschiefer's work by adding extra requirements to it. :)   I suspect we may need to get a PR up which we can start to look at, and then decide what other "embargo fixes/improvements" can be made to compliment jschiefer's work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue:++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to hpottinger's idea of scheduling a special meeting around embargo as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I think it will be complementary.  There should be one enforcer, not one per UI.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; Well my deadline for school is next week, but I definitely willing to continue work on it to get it into an acceptable state for DSpace in general</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; jschiefer: I wouldn't worry about this larger discussion in terms of your deadline. Honestly your work looks good enough (at a glance) to be worth considering on its own.  But, you are obviously welcome to continue with the larger discussions if it is of interest to you!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, jschiefer, is submitting a PR for this work part of your assignment? :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; jschiefer: but, I think most importantly here...it's great that your work has brought these larger issues to light (made them visible)...but we won't expect you to have to solve *all* these issues :)  Every little bit helps!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So you're giving us *two* gifts.  Outstanding!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; hpottinger: No, it's not a requirement but I'd like to contribute the work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; that's awesome, jschiefer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; The end of the semester is near, so that is my deadline as far as school is concered :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks for that, jschiefer. We appreciate the contribution!  Honestly, I wasn't even this active in open source software as an undergrad, so kudos to you!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If there's any other questions you all come up with, jschiefer &amp; keithg, feel free to let us know.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sorry, I've got to go.  'bye, all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm noticing though that our meeting has already gone a bit "overtime" (which is the norm most weeks).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; What is the preferred way for me to continue this embargo discussion after this meeting?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; boring details: since you've named your branch something other than a JIRA issue, I'm assuming that a JIRA issue does not yet exist for this work (no problem, we do it all the time), you should probably make a JIRA issue for it, describing the new feature, and rename the branch with the issue number</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; jschiefer: via the JIRA ticket and/or PR is actually great.  Any updates to the JIRA ticket automatically email our "dspace-devel" (developer) mailing list. So that's a good way to contact us</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; Correct, that's on my "todo" list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; tdonohue: Sounds good. I'll try to create the JIRA ticket this weekend</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks. sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithg&gt; thanks all. take care</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, with that, I'm going to close the meeting for today. We didn't have any other topics anyways, plus we are ~10mins over already.  I'll be lurking around for a bit longer though if other informal topics come up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithg (~keithgilb@2600:1003:b12c:3b70:60b6:5906:2c90:10e7) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; good meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks again jschiefer &amp; Anja Le Blanc for sending in some good discussion topics!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mdiggory: any chance you all have some features you want to talk about?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; Thanks, nice meeting you all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kstamatis (2ebe4bcb@gateway/web/freenode/ip.46.190.75.203) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; too many to keep track of ;-) hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; i hear ya</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; though keep track of 'em we shall</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Theres a bit of stuff hidden in the User Cases work we've been contributing to on the wiki</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; link for the record?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; (gosh I'm naggy today, sorry)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the existing usecases (under tdonohue's leadership)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Use+Cases">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Use+Cases</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Use Cases - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Use+Cases">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Use+Cases</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; theres a bunch of ORCID stuff in there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I see 'em</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I also have a client project to support editable authority control</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; types, langs, authors, subjects, etc via UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jschiefer (~jschiefer@nc6521fee.cns.vt.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Just as a sidenote, for anyone reading along...those "Use Cases" are still very rough / work in progress. We plan on doing a formal call (in next month or two, likely post-OR14) to community members to contribute more "use cases" which DSpace should strive to meet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: I like the format of them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (Just don't want anyone to assume they've missed a "call for use cases"...it's still coming, once we get some rough ones in place)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; DB driven property management is also something recently done for CSU….</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jschiefer (~jschiefer@nc6521fee.cns.vt.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: admittedly, I "borrowed" a lot of the use case format stuff from the Fedora folks.  They have a similar wiki page which they worked from during their Fedora 4 redesign</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; who should I talk to about setting up a JIRA account?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: sorry if I jumped the gun by referencing that page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: no problem. It's a public page. Just wanted to make sure there was "context" around it :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; JISC has a really cool use case interface (and it's my fault, tdonohue, I made mdiggory do it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; jschiefer: will send you a signup link shortly...we had to turn off self-signup cause of spammers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="http://obd.jisc.ac.uk/navigate">http://obd.jisc.ac.uk/navigate</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Navigate Use Cases | Open Bibliographic Data Guide ] - <a href="http://obd.jisc.ac.uk/navigate">http://obd.jisc.ac.uk/navigate</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jschiefer&gt; tdonohue: thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm adding a link to that use case document on our internal wiki, I'm trying to come up with the attribution...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DSpace Steering Group or DSpace Vision Group?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jschiefer (~jschiefer@nc6521fee.cns.vt.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: it's actually an ad-hoc group right now.  It's just 6 of us, all DCAT or Committers.  We were "charged" by the Steering Group, and I've been kinda calling us a "Tech Planning Group", but we don't really have a formal name, as it's a "temporary" group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; "work in progress, by an informal "Tech Planning Group" charged by the DSpace Steering Group"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Steering Group or Steering Committee?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; good enough. yea, I've just been hesitant to "name" this group, as there are already too many "named groups" floating around... :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Steering Group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The JPF, not to be confused with the PFJ</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (although 1/2 the time I end up calling them the Steering Committee myself...but, formally they are named the DSpace Steering Group)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; "who's he, then?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; hey, mdiggory, just so I don't forget to mention it, thanks for stopping in today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thanks! I do miss it!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oh, and, do you have an opinion on other meeting times?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; being on the west coast, anything before 9am is a bit tought o pull off</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* edInCo (~smuxi@seta.coalliance.org) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~anonymous@cpe-76-176-128-229.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jschiefer (~jschiefer@nc6521fee.cns.vt.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jschiefer (~jschiefer@nc6521fee.cns.vt.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>