<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2014-01-15
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* fasseg (~ruckus@HSI-KBW-091-089-154-204.hsi2.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* qwebirc637681 (0cf896aa@gateway/web/freenode/ip.12.248.150.170) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;qwebirc637681&gt; working on migrating dspace from dev to prod.  took a snapshot of dev instance.  relaunch dev instance image in prod.  brought up the server.  however, discovery module is missing, was previously enabled and working on dev?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;qwebirc637681&gt; any thoughts or suggestions will be greatly appreciated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; qwebirc637681: hi, i just responded in #dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* qwebirc637681 (0cf896aa@gateway/web/freenode/ip.12.248.150.170) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dspace__discover (0cf896aa@gateway/web/freenode/ip.12.248.150.170) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;dspace__discover&gt; hi everyone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;dspace__discover&gt; working on migrating dspace from dev to prod.  took a snapshot of dev instance.  relaunch dev instance image in prod.  brought up the server.  however, discovery module is missing, was previously enabled and working on dev?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;dspace__discover&gt; actually, i can't run dspace update-discovery-index</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;dspace__discover&gt; Caused by: org.apache.solr.common.SolrException: Internal Server Error  Internal Server Error  request: <a href="http://localhost:8080/solr/search/select?q=*:*&amp;fq=NOT(withdrawn:true)&amp;fq=read:(g0)&amp;start=0&amp;rows=0&amp;facet.field=author_filter&amp;facet.field=subject_tax_0_filter&amp;fac">http://localhost:8080/solr/search/select?q=*:*&amp;fq=NOT(withdrawn:true)&amp;fq=read:(g0)&amp;start=0&amp;rows=0&amp;facet.field=author_filter&amp;facet.field=subject_tax_0_filter&amp;fac</a>     at org.apache.solr.client.solrj.impl.CommonsHttpSolrServer.request(CommonsHttpSolrServer.java:432)     at org.apache.solr.client.solrj.impl.CommonsHttpSolr</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;dspace__discover&gt; any help will be greatly appreciated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;dspace__discover&gt; kshepherd: any thoughts?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;dspace__discover&gt; anyone?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; sorry, wasn't at my pc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; can you confirm that your solr server is running on your prod instance?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;dspace__discover&gt; ksheperd: how would I confirm that solr server is running, i checked the solar config file <a href="http://localhost:8080/solr/search">http://localhost:8080/solr/search</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;dspace__discover&gt; and port 8080 is listening</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;dspace__discover&gt; ksheperd: how can we restart solr service</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;dspace__discover&gt; ksheperd: u there?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lo5an (~textual@unaffiliated/lo5an) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; dspace__discover: could you try this on the server: "curl <a href="http://localhost:8080/solr/search/select?q=*:*"">http://localhost:8080/solr/search/select?q=*:*"</a> and see if it returns xml results, or an error?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lo5an (~textual@unaffiliated/lo5an) Quit (Quit: My MacBook Pro has gone to sleep. ZZZzzzâ€¦)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (kim@ec2-184-73-177-234.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* fasseg (~ruckus@HSI-KBW-091-089-022-149.hsi2.kabelbw.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-kornbluth.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-kornbluth.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-kornbluth.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-kornbluth.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* fasseg (~ruckus@HSI-KBW-091-089-022-149.hsi2.kabelbw.de) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jonathangee (~jonathang@142.68.37.238) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lo5an (~textual@pat-ip-129-15-127-46.fennfwsm.ou.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lo5an (~textual@pat-ip-129-15-127-46.fennfwsm.ou.edu) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lo5an (~textual@unaffiliated/lo5an) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamatis (5b8c1689@gateway/web/freenode/ip.91.140.22.137) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dspace__discover (0cf896aa@gateway/web/freenode/ip.12.248.150.170) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all. It's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Meeting: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-01-15">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-01-15</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-01-15 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-01-15">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-01-15</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hmm.. It's looking like our attendance is lower today. :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hello.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll admit, I didn't really have any great ideas for agenda items today.   So, I mostly just added some questions to 4.1.  We can choose to go "off the agenda" today if we want</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; s/to 4.1/to it/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; tdonohue meant to say: I'll admit, I didn't really have any great ideas for agenda items today.   So, I mostly just added some questions to it.  We can choose to go "off the agenda" today if we want</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The first question was just to bring up the idea of a 4.1 release.  I don't know that we're ready *yet*.  But, I wanted to put it into everyone's minds...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so far, master doesn't look so hot</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; although we might want to continue in PR reviews and thus get more commits into master, some of which might be backported. Or we might focus solely on bugfixes during reviews.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; can't say we have a lack of bugs...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yea, it seems like we have some bugs coming in...and some that missed the 4.0 cut.  So, we likely will have a 4.1.  Just wasn't sure we have anything requiring "immediate release" which would necessitate a 4.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it makes sense to me to also wait a bit, and work at reviewing JIRA tickets / PRs.  Once we have more activity on the "dspace-4_x" branch or something requiring immediate release, then we would want a 4.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Currently, it looks like we have *nothing* on 'dspace-4_x' since 4.0: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/commits/dspace-4_x">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/commits/dspace-4_x</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Commits Â· DSpace/DSpace Â· GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/commits/dspace-4_x">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/commits/dspace-4_x</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Nothing comes to my mind. I just wanted to say that with 4.1, we'll want to update the manual PDF because the one included in the 4.0 release wrongly instructed to build from [dspace-src]/dspace, which doesn't work anymore</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dietz72m1.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Doesn't that mean we need to fix the "binary" build, instead of the documentation?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161244.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: I don't know why it doesn't work - whether it's fixable or it was changed intentionally</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; anyway, the documentation on the wiki now reflects says to build from [dspace-src]. it's just the PDF that has wrong instructions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I *believe* installation from [dspace-src]/dspace/ should still work fine.   It's that *upgrading* from [dspace-src]/dspace/ has issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Actually, if we do edit the manual, one thing we want to do is *stop* putting the PDF in the source kit.  In 4.1 onward it should be tucked into the release directory on SourceForge separately, alongside the archives.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; right, we can simply exclude it from 4.1.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Also need to 'git rm' it from the source kit.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so, what about REST API? in case there are any interesting developments, do we want to include them in 4.1? Do we consider REST API beta or stable?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, I think the cause of those build problems is the fix we had to implement for UTF-8 &amp; build.properties: DS-1528.   I haven't had a chance to really look closely, but it seems like the issue has to do with the encoding of the build.properties for UTF-8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1528">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1528</a> ] - [DS-1528] build.properties doesn&amp;#39;t support UTF-8 encoding - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; it should be easy to try reverting the patch and seeing if the build starts working again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hmmm, I wonder if there's a more recent resource plugin available so we don't have to recode stuff.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Assuming it fixed the problem.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; reverting that patch will re-break UTF-8.  But, I think the issue has to do with the fact that build.properties is now copied to [src]/target/ to  UTF-8 encode it.   But, when you run mvn from [src]/dspace/ , the build.properties doesn't always get copied to [src]/target/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I meant to revert it just to confirm that it's the cause of the problem.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we could look at resource plugin, but I wouldn't get my hopes up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, yes, I think we should investigate if 1528 is the cause.  If it is, we may need to dig back into our POMs to figure out a better solution to 1528</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; hmm... so maybe the magic UTF-8 encoding code needs to examine the current working directory?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yes...either that, or we need to ensure the "magic UTF-8 encoding code" is called properly whether you run mvn from [src] or [src]/dspace/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; sorry, I get non-specific with my lingo when I don't know the details, it's funnier if you can see my hands and face :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It's definitely always called when running mvn from [src] (as that "magic code" is in the [src]/pom.xml).  But, it sounds like it is *not* always called from [src]/dspace/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oh, so the "fast build" is having problems</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I feel like it's a minor POM issue...something is not fully "stitched together" right.  I just haven't had any time myself to actually dig in and look at it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; correct, hpottinger.  Just the "fast build" (from [src]/dspace/) has issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we probably should create a JIRA ticket around this issue, so we can track what we *think* and what we actually *figure out*.  For the time being, telling people to run 'mvn' from [src] is the workaround.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; this feels like a good candidate for a "hackathon"... just a few of us need to dig in and compare notes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, it may be.   I had thought this was all working when I last touched this code (in 1528), but obviously there must be some scenario(s) when running mvn from [src]/dspace/ that just throw errors.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, I can create a ticket after this mtg. Since I think I know what is going on, even though I'm not 100% sure how to replicate it yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we all build from [src], so we're not likely to catch it... I wonder if we could have Bamboo also test the "fast build"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I think that should be possible.  We all (Committers) have access to tweak Bamboo settings.  We should be able to create a second project to test the "fast build" process too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, I'll create a JIRA ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, reading back... I see helix84 had mentioned REST API.  Obviously we'd accept bug fixes to REST API in 4.1.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but major changes to the REST API would have to wait for 5.0, just like any other major changes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As I had mentioned at the beginning of this meeting, I really was struggling to come up with an agenda for today.  Although I had some other topics listed, we really could discuss whatever we feel is most important/pressing/interesting today.  The "floor" is open</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I suggested we should focus with our reviews on bugfixes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i.e. give priority to reviewing PRs which fox a bug</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One thing I will mention:  You all should be thinking about submitting some talk/workshop proposals for Open Repositories 2014 (in Helsinki)!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It'd be nice to have some OR2014 talks on 4.0 and major new features (in recent releases):  REST API, redesigned JSPUI, DOI work, etc etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Bram has be scheduled to give a webinar on REST some time in February</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; be =&gt; me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, I am aware of those DSpace 4 upcoming webinars. Just noting that OR2014 might also be another place to present essentially the same thing -- may actually be a slightly different audience in Helsinki</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; No notion yet that I'd even be going to OR 2014.  But I will keep it in mind.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; "Towards Repository Ecosystems" is the theme, if you haven't seen it yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, just thought I'd reminder folks regarding OR2014, especially if it helps you find funding to go to Helsinki.  Presentation proposals are due Feb 3, 2014 (both for the main conference and for the DSpace User Group Mtg).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; also, note that the conference date moved up a month, to June, which puts it in the same FY as OR13, which is bad news if you spent your entire travel budget in 2013, and good news if you didn't</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I will be in Helsinki.  I'm also hoping to schedule another face-to-face DSpace Developers Mtg at OR14 (for anyone who can be there), likely on that Monday. But, I'm still trying to work out details with conference planners, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, just wanted to put OR2014 in your minds.  Moving along...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; do we want to do some PR reviews for the last 15 mins?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Bloody JIRA just forgot my login again.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; perhaps the reason for short Jira sessions is to make us remember our password?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; s</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We (DuraSpace) are still trying to tackle the horrible "session timeouts" in JIRA/Wiki.  We thought we had it fixed yesterday, but it came back this morning.  We have a support ticket in with Atlassian, and unfortunately even they are "stumped" so far.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thank you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, believe me...we are also frustrated with it, and want it to go away</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I've had an idea for some time now, I never put it into practice though. Since today's meeting is slow, I'll try to pitch it now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lo5an (~textual@unaffiliated/lo5an) Quit (Quit: My MacBook Pro has gone to sleep. ZZZzzzâ€¦)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I try to answer most question on dspace-tech I can, but of course there are questions that remain unanswered.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I was wondering if the reason is that they are buried in answered questions and other people simply didn't notice that they are still unanswered.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; If I make a list of unanswered questions for the last week every week and other developers could look at them, would they (you)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; In my case, the usual reason I don't respond is that I don't know. :-/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I mean, don't know the answer, never used that, no idea where to look.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; for me, the reason for not answering can either be: "I unfortunately don't have time today", or "I don't know offhand" or some combo of the two.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; gathering questions someplace else would help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; If we had some type of paid support, then it would make sense to have some type of helpdesk queue to ensure that questions don't age, have some type of default assignee. But with this being "best effort" community service, then I typically just peel off ones that pique my interest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; If it pleases you, you can pay me and I'll work on managing the queue ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And a paid support email would probably be hooked right into the helpdesk, with emails captured as issues and going to a triage team for routing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But we don't have that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; gather questions elsewhere *may* help (and it could actually help track common questions), but we don't have a really good "queue" /helpdesk.  Sometimes, for me at least, a simple "ping" on the list (which mhwood has done sometimes) will remind me that oh-yea, I should have answered that ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Some system with a public interface and the possibility of tagging emails would go a long way. Does anyone know of something like that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Not to sound like a google spokes-person, but I've been using Google+ Communities very heavily lately, and its helpful to +mention someone, as it goes into their Alerts</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; PeterDietz: how does that relate to emails?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Let's see, I've been on + once this year....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lo5an (~textual@pat-ip-129-15-127-46.fennfwsm.ou.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lo5an is now known as Guest98977</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One sidetopic here that is semi-related: DuraSpace is working on establishing a DSpace Steering Committee (of both appointed and eventually elected folks), who we could as such questions to.  E.g. we could point out the possible need for a "helpdesk" and ask them if it'd be worth funding from the $$ donated to DSpace from sponsoring institutions. This Steering Committee is not yet formed, but they will be able to allocate funds/r</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not saying that we definitely need a fully-fledged "helpdesk" system here... But, this discussion just reminded me to mention the forthcoming Steering Committee who can help fund or find resources for such ventures</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; So, I'm not really aware of a tool to give you features beyond email, using an email list. But if you shifted towards a different community support forum. i.e. Google Groups, Google Community, ..., then you could get extra features, maybe sort by questions without answers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'd be less likely to become aware of questions in a timely fashion.  The nice thing about email is it comes to me; I don't have to remember to go to it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Similar to what PeterDietz is mentioning...perhaps a migration to Google Groups from SourceForge mailing lists is worth discussing again?  I'll mention that Fedora just recently migrated all their mailing lists from SourceForge to Google Groups</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Migrating from SourceForge lists to almost anything would be an improvement.  The only other thing I dislike nearly as much is...Google Groups.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't know that a migration to Google Groups 100% *solves* this problem, but it at least makes old emails/questions easier to locate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Although PHPbb is right down there at the bottom of my list too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm OK with moving the lists, *as long as* there's an archive of them somwhere</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, what do you like, mhwood? :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Email works fine.  It's the archive interface at SF that's lousy.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; nibble does OK searching the archives</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not suggesting we go willy-nilly moving the lists without a good reason. I'm just mentioning that we have the option to move our lists away from SourceForge, if we wanted to.  But, we need to really want to, as the migration would be time consuming :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; nabble, you silly Mountain Lion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I admit to being a dinosaur where this sort of commo is concerned.  I use Mutt because I like it better than Thunderbird or Evolution or a dozen others that I've briefly tried over the years.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; although there's Nabble and mail-archive, I'd still strongly prefer if we could export and import the archive to the new service.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll admit, I'm often frustrated with SourceForge (in general).  I just haven't become frustrated enough to push us to migrate elsewhere.  But, if there is a combined frustration here...we really have the option to move things elsewhere in general.  No one even is requiring us to use SourceForge at all.  We could think about moving lists to Google Groups, and our "pre-packaged downloads" to GitHub "Releases" if we really wanted t</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not suggesting we decide this today. Just wanted to throw it out there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And besides, I'm noticing we're "over time" already</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; personally, I've noticed a weird "lag" with Google Groups-based mail lists</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; SF mailing lists have 2 big drawbacks - slow browsing of archives (I don't remeber I ever searched in them, either it's not possible or slow) and delays in delivery (emails are often delayed up to an hour)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and I know some have noticed the same thing with source forge lists... but it's really consistent for Google lists</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Considering what we're paying, I suppose we can't complain very loudly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha, yea :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; In case we decide to host something ourselves: <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Free_mailing_list_software">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Free_mailing_list_software</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Category:Free mailing list software - Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia ] - <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Free_mailing_list_software">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Category:Free_mailing_list_software</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and if there's a better free hosted email list service out there, we can look at other options.  I just know most other Library open source projects are using either Google Groups or SourceForge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Except ImpactStory, who moved from Google Groups to Twitter, so I never hear anything out of them anymore.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; is "free" really a requirement?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Free or perhaps hosted by a community member with a long-term commitment.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; perhaps not "free", but "inexpensive/affordable" would be a requirement.  DSpace is funded by community sponsorship / volunteerism.  We don't have lots of $$ to throw around :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; almost any web hosting service throws in mail lists for free</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; or yes, hosted as mhwood said may be workable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes that as we are "over time", I'm not going to call any more topics.  But, I'll let this discussion continue as long as we want.  Feel free to drop off though if you need to head out.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Mailman is free and not a bear to keep going</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I suspect that "hosted" is going to be a requirement. Either a hosted service (like Google Groups/SourceForge), or hosted by a community member with a long-term commitment.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Though, maybe that'd change if the DSpace Steering Committee was able to find some extra funding to support more DuraSpace-sysadmin-types to run a Mailman and other services.  Hard to say.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (Just wanting to admit that DuraSpace is trying to not run *too much* internally, unless really necessary, like in the case of the Atlassian toolset.  We just don't have the $$ to hire that many sysadmin types)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; plus, as-is, DuraSpace is only 10 people ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, if a kind institution wanted to host a mailman on our behalf (which is actually what MIT *used to do* before we migrated to SourceForge), it might be an option to consider</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In summary: It sounds like we don't have a solution to the problem of "unanswered questions".  We've noted it is a problem.  We've noted that it might be worth thinking about migrating our mailing lists elsewhere (to ease locating older/unanswered questions).  But, no decisions as of yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'll head out now. Good night!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That is a problem for which tools won't really do a lot.  It takes people, and in particular a kind of people who are probably a little rare on our MLs:  the ones who like to sit all day watching and classifying messages.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good night.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161244.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kstamatis (5b8c1689@gateway/web/freenode/ip.91.140.22.137) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tojil (~maya@unaffiliated/tojil) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Tojil&gt; Hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Tojil&gt; Hello Peter, what's up?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; not too much. We just wrapped a #dspace developers meeting in here a bit ago. I'm just fixing some local bugs for now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Tojil&gt; Nice</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Tojil&gt; For how long are you working with DSpace?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; maybe about 4 years. I started gradually, just giving feedback while trying to use some features, and since then I've built a few features myself. (ElasticSearch statistics, REST API)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Tojil&gt; Nice</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Tojil&gt; I have like... A Mercury synodic cycle of experience in implementing DSpace in VPS.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Tojil&gt; i.e. ~116 days</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Tojil&gt; hehe :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; fun, hopefully its working for you. Luckily I was able to get a little bit of training when I started, which gave me some initial momentum. And then I was able to contact people online for help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Tojil&gt; Yes, I think i already can install and fix permissions, hehe. And some customization like having your own images, header/footer, CSS, for sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Guest98977 (~textual@pat-ip-129-15-127-46.fennfwsm.ou.edu) Quit (Quit: Textual IRC Client: www.textualapp.com)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lo5an (~textual@pat-ip-129-15-127-46.fennfwsm.ou.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lo5an (~textual@pat-ip-129-15-127-46.fennfwsm.ou.edu) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lo5an (~textual@unaffiliated/lo5an) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Tojil&gt; I just had a little part of that time to actually work with DSpace (and the VPS were not ON the whole time), so it seems I'm going well as a beginner</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lo5an (~textual@unaffiliated/lo5an) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lo5an (~lo5an@unaffiliated/lo5an) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:28]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tojil (~maya@unaffiliated/tojil) Quit (Quit: My damn controlling terminal disappeared!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>