<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2014-05-14
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd2 (~kim@105.0.226.49.dyn.cust.vf.net.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd2 (~kim@105.0.226.49.dyn.cust.vf.net.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kdweeks (~Adium@2001:468:c80:a103:94d6:d036:dfa7:4cc7) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:50]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cameron.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:50]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cameron.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:50]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cameron.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cameron.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd2 (~kim@121-99-152-96.bng1.nct.orcon.net.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd2 (~kim@121-99-152-96.bng1.nct.orcon.net.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (~awoods@adsl-74-243-180-194.ard.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kdweeks (~Adium@2001:468:c80:a103:f18b:bc50:a6cd:ee56) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* edInCo (~smuxi@seta.coalliance.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2602:306:3016:1899:6a05:caff:fe00:f66d) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers IRC Meeting: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-05-14">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-05-14</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-05-14 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-05-14">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-05-14</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd2 (~kim@121-98-53-154.bng1.nct.orcon.net.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@216.106.51.118.reverse.socket.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, kicking things off today, the first announcement is that NEXT WEEK we will begin an "alternating IRC meeting schedule".  We will alternate this meeting between 15:00UTC and 20:00UTC every other week (next week will be at 15:00UTC)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll be sending out an official announcement (to dspace-devel) &amp; updating info on our wiki later today or tomorrow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up...just the usual reminders</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If you are heading to OR14 and want to attend our developer meeting, please let me know by adding your name to this signup sheet: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-06-09 - OR14 Meeting - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, we're still looking for DSpace 5.0 Release Team members. A rough, tentative/proposed 5.0 schedule is posted to: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 5.0 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; please volunteer, so I can stop freaking out :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, for hpottinger's sanity &amp; for an awesome experience, definitely let us know if you are interested in joining the 5.0 Release Team. :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, the primary topic for today was just to update folks on what happened in last week's face-to-face DSpace Steering Group meeting (much more info will be coming out at OR14, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Essentially, the main topic that the Steering Group discussed was beginning to establish a "Governance Model" for DSpace moving forward, and to look to hire a full time Product Manager role (who would help gather use cases and develop a long term "Product Plan/Roadmap")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I've started documenting the (very rough around the edges) Governance Model up at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Governance">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Governance</a>  (However, this is NOT finalized in any way/shape/form...the plan is to have a rough draft to present to the community for feedback at OR14 and beyond)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Governance - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Governance">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Governance</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; that's a lot of groups...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Essentially, it's proposing to establish some (now standard in all DuraSpace projects) Governance groups:  Steering Group, a "Leadership Group" and "Members of DSpace" (anyone who gives/donates to DSpace to become a member).  The Left hand side are the (on the ground) "working groups"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yes, it is quite a few, and we aren't final on this model...but each group is "tasked" with a particular role</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Looking forward to those "coming soon"s.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I wonder if it would be possible to mock up the path of a project through these groups?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it might be easier to understand by talking about the "roles" of each group.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Committers roles don't really change in this model, but they are no longer "tasked" (as a group) with Long Term Roadmap/Planning...they can concentrate more on day-to-day maintainance, code reviews, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DCAT's roles change slightly...while they are still advisory to the Committers, they also are now tasked with gathering/maintaining Use Cases (via Surveys and similar) which can be used to improve the product.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The "Technology Planning Group" is essentially a subset of the Committers, who are specifically tasked with drafting implementation plans/options (based on use cases).  So, they need to be *active* Committers, who are willing/ready/able to draft implementation plans, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Finally, at the top, the "Product Planning Group" takes the Use Cases (from DCAT) and the Implementation options/plan (from Tech Planning) to create an overall Product Plan / Roadmap (which is then approved by Steering Committee). This Product Planning Group is likely only ~6-8 people (from DCAT or Committers mostly) who are proposing a vision for what to prioritize &amp; how to get it done</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And, again..NONE of that is finalized...that's just the current "vision" of how this *could work*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Tell me about the pyramid, where all of the money and most of the power seem to live.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The "pyramid" is essentially the new DuraSpace Membership model adopted by all projects (which has begun "rolling out" in the last few weeks, and replaces our old "Sponsorship" idea).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; At the very bottom are the "Members", which is *any* institution which "gives" money to DSpace through the DuraSpace Membership program.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In terms of Governance, any institutional Member can have a representative be nominated and elected to the Steering Group.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Above that is the "Leadership Group". These are institutions which are also Members, but they donate at a "higher lever" (either more $$ or possibly developer time, TBD) than other Members.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, roughly equivalent to a board and an executive committee?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Leadership Group is roughly the "Shareholders".  They get a bit more say (as they've contributed more), so they can vote (up or down) on proposals from the Steering Group.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Leadership Group also gets to elect the actual Steering Group (from all the Members)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Finally, at the top is the Steering Group.  They are roughly the "board of directors" for DSpace.  They control the purse strings (all donates for DSpace are allocated based on how they see fit), and they set the strategic direction for the entire project.  They are elected members of the community, plus a few Ex-officio members</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The Ex-officio members are DSpace Tech Lead (myself), eventual DSpace Product Manager (once hired), and the Chair of DCAT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Does that clarify the pyramid? The only real "active" group in the pyramid is the Steering Group.  The "Leadership Group" just is called upon to vote on key issues or vote in new Steering Group members.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I should mention, this entire model will be presented &amp; discussed at OR14 (both by the Steering Group during a discussion on Thurs, and ALSO  during the DSpace Developers Meeting at OR14)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we are actively looking for feedback. Though I will warn that (as you can tell) there's a lot of "More Details Coming Soon" which needs to be filled out PRIOR to OR14</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd2 (~kim@121-98-53-154.bng1.nct.orcon.net.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks for presenting and documenting this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sure thing. I wanted to get it in front of all of you early on (even though it's still at an "incomplete" state).  The next steps here are there are several folks (self included) tasked with filling out the missing details to send back to the Steering Group for their OK before OR14</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll be working on drafting the "Technology Planning Group" and "Product Planning Group" in more detail (along with a few other folks).  DCAT is working on redrafting their mission. If any of you have feedback about any of this though, you are welcome to let me know.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and as I said there will be plenty more opportunities for feedback, beginning at OR14)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and obviously, if you have strong opinions about the separation of tasks between "Technology Planning" and "Committers", I'd love your feedback.  It needs a bit of clarification, and I'm working towards that, but I'd welcome your ideas as to whether you feel this is "offbase" or "reasonable" or whatever</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (My attempt here is not to change the role of Committers drastically..but just to try and "fill in gaps" on things which we often don't have time for...e.g. long term technology planning)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm a bit confused about how the long term tech planning will work, as Committers, we've generally taken the attitude of "sounds interesting, show us some code"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, if I'm missing the mark, obviously let me know (publicly or privately)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Dunno if it's *time* so much as *information*.  There's lots of neat stuff we could do, but what would be important to the people who will use it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: good point.  I'm hoping the "information" gap can be helped by more Use Case gathering, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: my view is that that "show us some code" would still be a valid response. HOWEVER, the *hope* here is that we can also find ways to do some more *directed/organized* development projects (e.g. "Project to actually build a Business Layer") which would be *designed* and proposed by the Technology Planning group, and implemented by a team of dedicated developers (hopefully donated by Member Institutions or from the Commi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I see, so, not just a "planning" role but an organizing one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea...maybe "planning" is the wrong word...good point. (These group names are totally pulled out of a hat as of now)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I may need to come up with a better name to attempt to disambiguate "Technology Planning Group" from "Committers".  Initially we were calling it a "Technology Group" but that just seems to overlap with Committers roles</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; "project management" might be too loaded of a term, but it might fit?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; maybe a bit closer...but it's still more a technology-specific group...and "project management" and "product planning" may be confusing then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; in any case, group names are hard. I'll have to think on this some more :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and maybe once I nail down that group's role/responsibilities, the name will become a bit clearer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, this is the "big thing" that came out of the Steering Group discussions last week (well that, and the decision to try and seek funding to hire a Product Manager).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (55d422d9@gateway/web/freenode/ip.85.212.34.217) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If there are other questions, feel free to ask them. Otherwise, honestly I'll try and keep you all updated as this moves forward (and as we get closer to OR14)...there will be plenty of time for feedback in coming weeks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, realizing now we're almost out of time today as well.  Any other topics to bring up?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I don't really have anything else to bring up today, then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; In case ya missed it, I think *you* should sign up for the 5.0 RT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (nice plug, hpottinger!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; With that, we'll go ahead and wrap up for today. Reminder, next week we will meet at 15:00UTC! (announcement will be forthcoming to dspace-devel today/tomorrow)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, and because we are meeting so early we'll have to figure out JIRA backlog review time....just remembering that.  We could aim to start that at 14:00UTC or just do it at 16:00UTC...any preferences?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; 14 UTC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, we can aim for 14UTC for JIRA backlog review... I *may* be a minute or two late to that, but I'll try for it (depends on my local morning traffic, as I have to drop my daughter off at daycare just before then)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I can do 14 UTC, might be a tad late, depdends on my kids</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; it's just my preference. You can do it at 16utc if it's better for you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; but if it starts at 16 utc it would end at 7pm in germany, which is later then the office time of the most persons here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; no worries, that's my official start time, I *ought* to me at my desk working then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think I should be able to do either.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it's just the backlog hour, if we work the backlog at all, it's a victory, it can start a bit late</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, I agree. Backlog hour can start slightly late if folks aren't there right at 14:00UTC.  So, I'm fine with aiming for 14:00UTC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; *and* if you all start without me, I'll start my day off with a warm fuzzy feeling, so, please, don't wait for me :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, JIRA Backlog hour will be at 14:00UTC next week, followed by the official meeting at 15:00UTC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; okay, great!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, I'm wondering, has anyone here made use of these packages? <a href="http://jpackage.org/">http://jpackage.org/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ :: JPackage Project | Home :: ] - <a href="http://jpackage.org/">http://jpackage.org/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hadn't heard of it.  Seems to be a Fedora thing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; not i, hpottinger. It also worries me a bit that the "news" is from 2009 (though I see some packages have been built as recently as July 2013)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Yeah, RH isn't doing a great job keeping up with Tomcat (they forked Tomcat 6 into JBOSS)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm trying to find a container I can run that my sysadmins will be responsible for supporting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (55d422d9@gateway/web/freenode/ip.85.212.34.217) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Someone should tell them that TC 8 is out and working toward stable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Also that Linus released a v3 kernel some time ago.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: I can't explain it, RH makes *no* sense to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ubuntu has TC 7.recent.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; The grass is indeed greener on the Ubuntu side, I agree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Gotta sign off now.  'bye.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@2602:306:3016:1899:6a05:caff:fe00:f66d) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@216.106.51.118.reverse.socket.net) Quit (Quit: Later, taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* edInCo (~smuxi@seta.coalliance.org) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>