<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2014-06-04
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd2 (~kim@n119237205199.netvigator.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd2 (~kim@n119237205199.netvigator.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd2 (~kim@n119237205199.netvigator.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd2 (~kim@210.177.145.245) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd2 (~kim@210.177.145.245) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd2 (~kim@210.177.145.245) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aboutGod (~aboutGod@static-72-66-66-50.washdc.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aboutGod (~aboutGod@static-72-66-66-50.washdc.fios.verizon.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstimac016.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstimac016.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstimac016.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* vtkeithg (~vtkeithg@vtkeithg.lib.vt.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hello all!  It 15UTC and time for our weekly DSpace Developers Meeting.  Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-04">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-04</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-06-04 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-04">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-04</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; small group today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First off, a few quick announcements.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There will be NO IRC developers meeting next Weds (June 11), as many of us will be at OR14 in Helsinki</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If you *will* be in Helsinki at OR14, there will instead be a face-to-face meeting on Monday (which I've mentioned before). The agenda for that meeting is now up at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-06-09 - OR14 Meeting - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 5.0 Release Team members:  We now have two RT members. We are still looking for a few more..so, get in touch if you are interested!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and remember, we decided community members can join the RT, so, if you're interested, do let us know</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That's it for the quick announcements... We are a bit of a "small group" today, but I suspect part of that is that OR14 is next week (and folks may be prepping for presentations, posters. etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Good point, hpottinger. If there is a non-Committer interesting in joining the 5.0 Release Team, you are also welcome.  You'd work with Committers to help plan out the Release, etc.  Get in touch if you are interested.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue also notes...I have a "hard stop" at 16:00UTC.  I have another meeting then.  So, I'm going to need to leave right at 1 hour</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The agenda is a bit light today. Again, mostly wanting to do some "status checks", especially on 3.3 which seems "almost complete": <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11841">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11841</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace: 3.3 - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11841">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11841</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; If there is time left, I would like to talk about deletion of EPerson.s</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; same here, I have a field trip with my daughter's kindergarden class I have to run off to right after this meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: yea, I think we should have time in a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; would be great. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Regarding 3.3: should we schedule this for just *after* OR14?  E.g. June 19th or 20th?   It seems nearly ready, but I'd hate to release while everyone is at OR14</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 3.3 is waiting on me getting my Oracle environment arranged to test DS-2013.  Difficult to have more than one set of tables with the same names, unlike most other RDBMSs I know.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2013">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2013</a> ] - [DS-2013] JSPUI with Oracle DB - Browse items with THUMBNAILS unimplemented - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I see your timing argument.  (Gives me more time to do the testing, too. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: you just need a new "schema" (which is what Oracle calls users)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, does June 19th or 20th make sense for 3.3?   That'd get that one done...then we can (hopefully) work to wrap up 4.2 in very late June or early July. I'm hoping that post-OR14, we all may have more time (self included) for the final 4.2 push.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; late June would be my preference, I have a vacation scheduled for early July</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That last part is what took so much research.  Other products' schemas actually *contain* tables and are part of the tables' names.  Got this difference through my head now and will create another user (*sigh*).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yeah, it's dumb, mhwood, I hear ya.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, dates for 3.3 sound okay.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's not too soon to test the 3_x branch if you are interested in an issue that is already included.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 testing of either maintenance branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I need to bring the 3_x release page up to date.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; excellent. I'll put the 3.3 dates on my own calendar as well.  I agree that, with 4.2, I'd prefer to try and get it done in late June...if we can push that quickly post-OR14.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. Any other status notes on 3.3 or 4.2?  Obviously if anyone has time to grab a ticket (esp. for 4.2) or do some extra testing, it'd help ensure we can get these released in June!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, not hearing anything else...so, we'll move on to other topics...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I don't have a status note, but maybe now is an OK time to talk about self-merging small changes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: go ahead. :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it's just, leading up to release deadlines, we always find ourselves with handfuls of PRs to review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and we almost always decide to trust small PRs, especially ones from committers, and just merge them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and, prior to our migration to GitHub, it was very commong for commiters to just merge small changes with Subversion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; but, with GitHub's baked-in review step... we pause now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree. In general, if changes are small / minor, and especially if you've thoroughly tested those minor changes, Committers please feel free to *merge your own changes* to "master".  As hpottinger mentions, it leaves less work for the Release Team...and those minor changes will be thoroughly tested during our next Testathon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; When I have high confidence, I'll only let one of my PRs sit in review state for a week or so, then just pull it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I am hoping to encourage my fellow committers to push their own merge button :-) Or, if there is truly a concern about the change, and you need a reviewer, please chase down a fellow committer (perhaps one who owes you a beer or two) and ask them to review it on your behalf.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i.e. leaving a ton of "minor changes" in open PRs means that the Release Team has a lot more to dig through during the 5.0 review process... minor changes (typos, spelling, obvious bugs, tiny tweaks) should just be merged (you are welcome to wait for a week if you want, like mhwood mentions)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I realize we're a small group here today though...so hopefully other Committers are reading these logs later on :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; can we go ahead with the deletion of EPersons?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; With that, we'll go ahead and move along to other topics now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker had noted that he wanted feedback on "deletion of EPersons". See this dspace-devel email: <a href="http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/Deletion-of-EPersons-with-submitted-Item-td4673220.html">http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/Deletion-of-EPersons-with-submitted-Item-td4673220.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace - Devel - Deletion of EPersons with submitted Item ] - <a href="http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/Deletion-of-EPersons-with-submitted-Item-td4673220.html">http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/Deletion-of-EPersons-with-submitted-Item-td4673220.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; tdonohue: thanks for the link</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I think everything important is in the mail. We have to delete EPersons, even those how submitted Items. DSpace currently don’t want to delete those EPersons and I don’t see any reason for this behaviour.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, my own opinion...I think this *would* be of interest to others, and would be a good addition to DSpace.  It probably is a rather significant change (and it'd need some thorough testing)...but it looks like pbecker has started a good brainstorm of how it might be done</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I've heard of other institutions also being frustrated about this limitation)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; This seems sensible to me as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Just a quick question though... are you required to *delete* the EPerson/DSpace account?  Or is *disabling it* also a possible solution? (Just curious, cause disabling might be easier to do quickly)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; We are required to *delete* them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, you can disable an EPerson right now.  But it keeps personal information (phone, email, etc.) that could be stolen.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; We are not allowed to store data as their name or email address, even if the mail address does not exist anymore.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; only exception is to store bibliographic information, so we wouldn’t have to touch the provenance data.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I think there are two points left, we should talk about:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, just wanted to check to better understand the requirements.  I think DSpace probably should allow this deletion of Epersons idea...but I was just curious about the policies :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; It was the first idea I had, when I heared about it. ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, deleting an ePerson is necessary to remove the e-mail address, but the e-mail address is the actual concern, correct?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; We have to remove „the account“ and are „not allowed to store the data anymore".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; But we can safe the data that is part of the bibliographic discription of an Item.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; So the provenance data shoudln’t be a problem.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; makes sense</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So, these two points?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I currently have two questions: 1) Are there any reasons to keep unsubmitted workflow Items? 2) How to handle the situation were a workflow task is put back in the pool but no other person ist part of the „pool-team"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; s/were/where</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; pbecker meant to say: I currently have two questions: 1) Are there any reasons to keep unsubmitted workflow Items? 2) How to handle the situation where a workflow task is put back in the pool but no other person ist part of the „pool-team"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There has been discussion of empty workflow groups in connection with "special groups".  (Was that you as well?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; yes, it was me as well. ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1) no. Those are associated with the acccount, so unsubmitted items should be removed with the account</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; okay, so there is already a ticket for this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2) mhwood is right...sounds related to the other ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; great.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; So I’m going on a two weeks vacation as of tomorrow, but my collegues will start working on this. As soon as I am back, I will create a ticket in jira.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Putting a workflow item back in the pool should be no problem.  The problem is how DSpace notifies an administrator that items cannot proceed through workflow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I’ll have a look on the hole workflow proccess. G.e. it might be good, to inform other administrators that a task is going back to the pool….</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I agree. Anytime you delete an account, we'd probably want to inform the Administrator of what changes will happen (e.g. a few unsubmitted items may be deleted, a task may go back into the pool, etc.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, if a step can resolve email addresses, they should be notified when an item returns to the pool.  Otherwise send to the site admin.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; okay, thanks for your feedback!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: thanks for all your hard work on investigating &amp; fixing these various issues!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it looks like we have about 15mins left here.  Any other topics to bring up?  Or anything that anyone feels I should be sure to bring up with developers at OR14?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; early PRs for 5.0, please, and bring the docs, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; good point!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; if you need help with the docs, we can totally help, just push your feature branch to your fork on github and send a link so we can tinker with it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, although the more you can set down in advance, no matter how unpolished or incomplete, would be helpful.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And, a reminder to anyone who is reading this later. Docs can be added directly to <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x</a>  (Or you are welcome to just create a page in "DSpace" wiki that we'll move over once the PR is merged)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 5.x Documentation - DSpace 5.x Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, mhwood &amp; hpottinger...we'll miss you both next week at OR14!  But, we'll try to take good notes at the face-to-face meeting...and let us know if you have questions/comments on the agenda topics, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thank you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'd be up for a google hangout if anyone wants to do that from the meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: you sure about that? The Face-to-face meeting starts at 9:00am in Helsinki (1:00am CT)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't expect either one of you wants to be up in the middle of the night, just for a meeting :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; sure, sounds like fun!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, as we don't seem to have anything else pressing to discuss, I'd like to end this meeting early. I have another meeting in &lt;4mins to run off to.  Talk to you all again in a few weeks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Safe travels to all you jet-setters</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Seconded.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; thanks for the feedback again. bye.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and somebody who will be there, log your notebook into G+, OK? I'm not staying up Sunday night just so I can see a bunch of yellow lights</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstimac016.ub.tu-berlin.de) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: you're serious? You might want to ping someone specifically on that.  My laptop will likely be projecting stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pick someone from attendees list: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-06-09 - OR14 Meeting - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm serious, I'll miss you all, and I don't mind staying up late</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue1 (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue2 (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue1 (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue2 is now known as tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* vtkeithg (~vtkeithg@vtkeithg.lib.vt.edu) Quit (Quit: vtkeithg)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd2 (~kim@210.177.145.245) Quit (Ping timeout: 255 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd2 (~kim@210.177.145.245) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd2 (~kim@210.177.145.245) Quit (Ping timeout: 265 seconds)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>