<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2014-10-01
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kdweeks (~Adium@2001:468:c80:a103:8541:d2d1:30cd:654e) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wilhelm.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wilhelm.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wilhelm.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wilhelm.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (~kim@ec2-54-89-112-138.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 272 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (~kim@ec2-54-89-112-138.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kdweeks (~Adium@2001:468:c80:a103:f9e9:251e:ba08:3e9c) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kohts (5b4ea4f7@gateway/web/freenode/ip.91.78.164.247) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~anonymous@55d427b2.access.ecotel.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@c-107-4-138-254.hsd1.va.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d5153d041.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5eaf588c@gateway/web/freenode/ip.94.175.88.140) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome. It's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Mtg. Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-10-01">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-10-01</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-10-01 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-10-01">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-10-01</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Before we dive in, I wanted to let you all know that I'll be traveling next week (out of office Tues Oct 7 -&gt; Fri  Oct 10).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; While I *might* be able to jump into IRC and lurk on this meeting, I'm not going to be able to lead it.  Would someone else be willing to volunteer to lead the meeting next week @ 15 UTC?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (~cknowles@cpc19-sgyl35-2-0-cust180.18-2.cable.virginm.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Gee, it got quiet in here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Perhaps one of the 5.0 RT members can lead next week's meeting (peterdietz or hpottinger)?....as next week is our 5.0 Feature PR deadline, next week's meeting will be all about reviewing those PRs and next steps</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamatis (2ebe4ec7@gateway/web/freenode/ip.46.190.78.199) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Ah, yes, I think the schedule does say the next two meetings are PR review meetings</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 10/8 and 10/15</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'm sure we can organise it on the day if noone wants to volunteer today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep. I'll be out on 10/8.  I'll be back for the 10/15 meeting though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, just wanting to be sure next week's meeting still goes on (as obviously it will be important to keep 5.0 on-track).  I'll ping hpottinger &amp; peterdietz offline</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm sure one or both of us can handle it, it's mostly just an extended backlog hour</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up, that reminder that 5.0 Feature Pull Requests are *due* on Monday (Oct 6).  Any features (large or small) which do not have PRs created by that deadline are not likely to be considered for DSpace 5.0.  If you desperately need an extension, you can talk to the Release Team, but hopefully no one does!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; tdonohue: just to be sure, if the Issue has Fix Version/s: 5.0 AND PR, does this automatically means that corresponding PR would be at least reviewed (and merged in if accepted)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kohts: Yes, we'll at least review it for 5.0.  No guarantees it will be included, but we usually try to (if it seems like a reasonable PR).  However, any that have a PR created *AFTER* Oct 6 will not even be reviewed for 5.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, and to be clear...Bug Fix PRs are welcome whenever.... The Oct 6 deadline is only for *Feature* PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; tdonohue: I see, I appreciate it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; AND remember, docs are supposed to exist before we merge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other general questions regarding our upcoming 5.0 schedule?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Anyone who wants help with documentation (but can supply technical detail) should ask for help.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status#DSpaceRelease5.0Status-TimelineandProcessing">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status#DSpaceRelease5.0Status-TimelineandProcessing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 5.0 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status#DSpaceRelease5.0Status-TimelineandProcessing">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status#DSpaceRelease5.0Status-TimelineandProcessing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kutsurak (~kutsurak@62.1.191.128.dsl.dyn.forthnet.gr) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, hearing no other questions...we'll move along for now.  Please do feel free to contact myself and/or the Release Team (peterdietz and hpottinger) if you have questions about 5.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; questions, or, if you want to volunteer...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, most of this meeting I figured we'd review features that already have PRs &amp; are tagged for 5.0.  But, *before* we do that, I want to jump quickly to DS-2160</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2160">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2160</a> ] - [DS-2160] Remove Lucene search index support and DBMS browse support from DSpace - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Last week, as you may recall, those in attendance decided that we should remove support for Lucene search indexing in 5.0.  So, I created 2160</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; However, we never actually talked about removing DBMS Browse Index support. I made the assumption that this would also be removed (as we are moving everything to Discovery).  Could we vote on that?  Do you approve removing DBMS Browse Indexing support?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; To be clear, I'm +1 too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@c-107-4-138-254.hsd1.va.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks all. Just want to be sure this concept is voted in / approved.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@c-107-4-138-254.hsd1.va.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; (note, Peter Dietz is at Educause right now, but I can yell at his phone if we need him for anything)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If you look at 2160, I've begun to note what I think needs to happen in 5.0.  But, we still do need a volunteer to begin this work (mostly code cleanup). If anyone is willing/interested, please feel free to get in touch or claim the ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't believe there's any reason to dig deeper on 2160 in this meeting right now, as this has already been approved &amp; it was discussed a bit last week as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Agreed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so... PR deadline applies, yes? or is this "bug fix"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Removing a feature is kind of a special case?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: I've marked 2160 as a "task".  It's really more about code cleanup / config cleanup.  So, it's neither a feature nor a bug fix.  But, I was assuming it likely wouldn't be subject to the Oct 6 deadline...but the sooner it gets done the better chance it gets in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It does need some testing, as there could be unanticipated loose ends.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, agreed. It would need thorough testing...hence, the sooner the better. It's not something we should do "last minute"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Could I bring up the LNI again?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; While we are on this topic of "code cleanup"... Is it worth quick followup on the idea of "removing" dspace-lni from out-of-the-box?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: go ahead...we were typing the same thing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So, technically it's not a new feature and I'm willing to believe that the feature PR deadline does not apply.  However it should be accepted only if it can be done fairly soon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I spoke to our guy who is in contact with Atira and he offered to speak to thema about it, then I forgot all about it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Sorry about that. I've just set myself a reminder to contact him tomorrow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; you remembered now, that counts for something in my book</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; So I'll get some sort of response one way or another</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Don't want to hold things up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Thats all to report</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think I volunteered for the LNI removal, didn't I?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood++  For both LNI &amp; Removing Lucene support, I think we need to get them both ready ASAP if we want to see the change in 5.0.  So, probably by end of next week at the latest, if we can find volunteers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yea, it's assigned to you. Are you still willing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-2124</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2124">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2124</a> ] - [DS-2124] Move LNI to a separate GitHub project - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; still willing, I think I need to clear a day to focus on a few DSpace tickets</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sometime before meeting's end, I'd like to talk about the old PDF documentation in the source tree.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: well, now is as good a time as any, I guess. We are kinda on the general topic of "code/config cleanup" for 5.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; go ahead :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Just wondering if there is anything more we can do to make it hard to find.  DS-2137 was caused by finding this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2137">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2137</a> ] - [DS-2137] inaccurate createuser command - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; kohts also suggests perhaps a README there, noting that the PDF is unmaintained.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: well, it's still in "master", right? That's one thing to do...remove it from "master" branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 remove, isn't there an issue about all those bitstreams in our github repo?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It sure is.  I thought we deleted it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And, we probably should update our global README to point to where the PDF can be downloaded (off the wiki): <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/README">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/README</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/README at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/README">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/README</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: the issue with the PDFs is that everytime we change the PDF (which is a large file) it increases the overall git repo size (as git doesn't have a good way to merge binaries).  Hence, we are growing our git repo rapidly every time we update that large PDF. If we remove it, we stop the rapid growth in size</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, I'll delete it (again?) and work on the global README.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks mhwood...sounds good to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: I understand, I think there's an existing JIRA issue about the problem?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, DS-1750</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1750">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1750</a> ] - [DS-1750] Git clone is becoming slow - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OTOH deleting this file doesn't remove it from the repo.  So we don't get any space/time back; we just stop wasting *more*.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; right, to address 1750, we need to *gasp* rewrite history</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes..there's no way to *decrease* the repo size (unless we cleanup history which is not a fun thing for anyone).  We are just stopping further rapid growth</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think we decided to settle for stopping the growth of this unwanted file?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, I agree we should remove the PDF from git.  We should instead just make the PDF available for download off of the Wiki (from the main Docs page)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I now have a DS-1750 branch in which to work on this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1750">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1750</a> ] - [DS-1750] Git clone is becoming slow - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, back to our agenda for today...I think these discussions sound like they've come to a resolution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; For the remainder of today, let's go back and review 5.0 Feature Tickets which have PRs: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?filter=-4&amp;jql=project%20%3D%20DS%20AND%20issuetype%20in%20(%22Code%20Task%22%2C%20Improvement%2C%20%22New%20Feature%22%2C%20Task%2C%20Sub-task)%20AND%20fixVersion%20%3D%205.0%20AND%20status%20%3D%20%22Code%20Review%20Needed%22%20ORDER%20BY%20createdDate%20ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?filter=-4&amp;jql=project%20%3D%20DS%20AND%20issuetype%20in%20(%22Code%20Task%22%2C%20Improvement%2C%20%22New%20Feature%22%2C%20Task%2C%20Sub-task)%20AND%20fixVersion%20%3D%205.0%20AND%20status%20%3D%20%22Code%20Review%20Needed%22%20ORDER%20BY%20createdDate%20ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?filter=-4&amp;jql=project%20%3D%20DS%20AND%20issuetype%20in%20(%22Code%20Task%22%2C%20Improvement%2C%20%22New%20Feature%22%2C%20Task%2C%20Sub-task)%20AND%20fixVersion%20%3D%205.0%20AND%20status%20%3D%20%22Code%20Review%20Needed%22%20ORDER%20BY%20createdDate%20ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?filter=-4&amp;jql=project%20%3D%20DS%20AND%20issuetype%20in%20(%22Code%20Task%22%2C%20Improvement%2C%20%22New%20Feature%22%2C%20Task%2C%20Sub-task)%20AND%20fixVersion%20%3D%205.0%20AND%20status%20%3D%20%22Code%20Review%20Needed%22%20ORDER%20BY%20createdDate%20ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Top of the list is DS-1582, which I know is already  merged.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1582">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1582</a> ] - [DS-1582] All DSpaceObjects should have metadata support - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, we close 1582?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anything else left to do there?  Just more testing? Docs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Trying to recall why I didn't close it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think a bug was found quickly after the merge?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, there were some bugs located, but they are separate tickets now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That was it:  leaving some time for early bugs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Close it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think closing 1582 is fine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds fine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I do wonder if there's any minor Documentation updates needed...but not sure offhand, to be honest)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; probably need additional documentation on using the new feature</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-2169 uses it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2169">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2169</a> ] - [DS-2169] Author Profiles - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There's no place to document it.  It's all internals.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kohts (5b4ea4f7@gateway/web/freenode/ip.91.78.164.247) Quit (Quit: night-night)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yea, I realize it's internals...but it's a big internal infrustructure change...so it seems like it *would* affect our DBMS documentation, etc.  But, agreed, it doesn't affect configs/install docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I.e. these docs: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/Storage+Layer">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/Storage+Layer</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Storage Layer - DSpace 5.x Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/Storage+Layer">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/Storage+Layer</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That page says it is stale since 1.8!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, I don't think we need to spend a ton of time on this in the meeting itself. Just noting that we might want to explain the new Architecture/Storage Layer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; KevinVdV: have any docs to share with us about 1582?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Javadoc should say a fair amount about it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; true, javadoc and with DS-2169 providing a use case</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2169">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2169</a> ] - [DS-2169] Author Profiles - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; No docs on 1582 as of yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Author profiles docs will follow soon … had to get the pull request ready first</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so for 1582, I suggest we see if someone can export a new DB diagram at a minimum.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; thinking about future 5.0 release, we're going to wan to crow about metadata for all... but we won't have anything to link to...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; exactly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Perhaps add some docs here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/Architecture">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/Architecture</a> ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Architecture - DSpace 5.x Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/Architecture">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/Architecture</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That'd work too, KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; business logic layer :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It does seem like both the "Architecture" and "storage layer" pages need some minor updates to explain this change</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; what we can say is that this was necessary infrastructure work which will facilitate more interesting features, such as Author Profiles (link).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; For now though, I suggest we bring this back to the ticket itself...would rather try to move along to other tickets today (and we're running short on time)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Leave open awaiting documentation?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Would be good for me mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, needs doc updates in Architecture &amp; Storage Layer (links above)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up on our list, DS-1641</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1641">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1641</a> ] - [DS-1641] Perform Batch Imports from Administrative UI - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I need to run, until next time ! (Will look into the docs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d5153d041.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks KevinVdV!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think 1641 is also waiting on docs..and maybe a second +1 (I gave one)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I see +2 on the PR.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Conditional on documentation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; Regarding DS-1641, we have some implementation for JSPUI to batch import via the Simple Archive Format - We are getting it ready for a PR, hopefully till Friday!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1641">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1641</a> ] - [DS-1641] Perform Batch Imports from Administrative UI - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; unclear if hpottinger's +1 vote was for the feature or for "better exception handling"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Right you are.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; my +1 was for better exception handling, I still haven't tested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kstamatis: good to hear</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; though, two observations: this code is in production for Longsight, and the core of the code (batch import from a zip file) has been in DSpace since 1.6 I think</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; Should we create a new Jira ticket or add information to this one?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, 1641 is waiting on one last +1 and some docs from peterdietz. If anyone else is willing to give it a review/try it would be great!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; kstamatis: I'd say keep the ticke number, but make a new PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kstamatis: Are you "porting" peterdietz's work to the JSPUI?  If so, it probably could just go on this 1641 ticket.  If not, it should be a different ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; s/ticke/ticket/g</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; hpottinger meant to say: kstamatis: I'd say keep the ticket number, but make a new PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; definitely a new PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; No, we were not aware of peterdietz's work. It's an independent work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: the back end is probably the same, import from zip has been an option for a while</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hmmm, check carefully for collisions if you are working in the same areas.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd recommend a new ticket if it's independent...otherwise voting (+1) in the ticket comments is going to get confusing.  If it's independent then it needs an independent review, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, a new ticket.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; ok, new ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And, I'd agree to check for collisions in the code...best to use the same underlying code, where possible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Let's try and get on to one last (quick) ticket for today: DS-1701</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1701">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1701</a> ] - [DS-1701] add Item.expunge() - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Got to run. Cheers all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (5eaf588c@gateway/web/freenode/ip.94.175.88.140) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1701 seems reasonable, but it's not actually used anywhere (yet)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There's quite a lot of change in dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/itemimport/ItemImport.java in 1641 that should be examined if you are working on similar things.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; RE 1701, I just added a comment to the PR. I'd recommend adding Unit Tests, since there's no other way to sufficiently review/test this API change</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I agree, seems reasonable, probably needs a unit test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I suggest moving 1701 back to "accepted" phase. It needs further changes before we can accept</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; mhwood: true, but I am not sure if this affects our implementation which is most related to UI changes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, just noting it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; mhwood: thanks, we surely have to investigate it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I updated 1701 to "accepted" and added a request for Unit Tests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Actually 1701 needing tests is "request code change".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yep, mhwood..that's just the name of the button...clicking it changes status to "accepted" again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, as we are overtime today, we'll close up there for now.  Next week, I'd recommend starting the reviews at Ds-1820...(i.e. likely skip over the still unresolved 1582 and 1641)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And obviously, a reminder that you are encouraged to review feature PRs on your own. We don't need to review *every* feature PR in these meetings...so feel free to test PRs and give them +1's if you approve (-1's if you don't)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@c-107-4-138-254.hsd1.va.comcast.net) Quit (Quit: keithgilbertson)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks all! I'll be lurking here for a bit, if anything comes up. But the official meeting is now adjorned</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; even if you're not a committer, your +1 will help a lot</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; More eyes: better code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, +1's definitely highly increase the likelihood that a Feature PR will be accepted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But bringing them up here guarantees that someone was at least made aware of the specific need.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; For now, however, I have to run.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kutsurak&gt; hpottinger: good to know. I'll try to take a look at 1641 since there might be conflicts with 1933</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cknowles (~cknowles@cpc19-sgyl35-2-0-cust180.18-2.cable.virginm.net) Quit (Quit: cknowles)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; thanks, kutsurak</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@c-107-4-138-254.hsd1.va.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kutsurak&gt; goodbye everyone.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kutsurak (~kutsurak@62.1.191.128.dsl.dyn.forthnet.gr) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~anonymous@55d427b2.access.ecotel.net) Quit (Quit: pbecker)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@c-107-4-138-254.hsd1.va.comcast.net) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kstamatis (2ebe4ec7@gateway/web/freenode/ip.46.190.78.199) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>