<span class="irc-date">[1:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kdweeks (~Adium@2001:468:c80:a103:993f:ce79:b616:83f1) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- [freenode-info] channel flooding and no channel staff around to help? Please check with freenode support: <a href="http://freenode.net/faq.shtml#gettinghelp">http://freenode.net/faq.shtml#gettinghelp</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (8295b1d6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.130.149.177.214) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bram-atmire (~bram@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kdweeks (~Adium@2001:468:c80:a103:d950:342f:b239:ed7f) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Anja (82587893@gateway/web/freenode/ip.130.88.120.147) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Meeting (this time at 15 UTC!).  Today's agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-05-21">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-05-21</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-05-21 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-05-21">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-05-21</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Good to see a few Europeans joining us today.... I was hoping we'd get a more diverse crowd at this time :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll kick things off today with just a few notes/announcements/reminders....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; thanks for accomodating this timeslot</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; yes, that's great.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger can't believe he made it :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no problem! The only reason I even delayed that decision on a new timeslot was that I didn't get any real feedback when I initially made the suggestion ;)  But, It's good to see it's worked out already</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; in any case...a few notes.  If you are going to OR14, we'd love to have you join our Developer Face-to-face meeting on that Monday. Please signup at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting</a> if you are interested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-06-09 - OR14 Meeting - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In addition, mostly for Committers -- we're still looking for a few more DSpace 5.0 Release Team members.  If you have any interest, please get in touch.  Obviously, we need Release Team members to help us package up &amp; put out another solid release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; It's easy and fun, you know you want to!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; Is membership of the release team limited to committers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Being a Release Team member really isn't hard (as hpottinger can attest)...and it is something you can put on your resume/CV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bram-atmire: Good Question. I'd be open to the idea of having a Release Team member who is not a Committer...but the Committers would likely need to approve of it, as they'd be working with him/her in getting the Release ready</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; As a practical matter, the RT needs at least one committer to make the files go where they belong.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: 'tis the easiest and most-fun part :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, mhwood is correct. There will need to be *at least one committer* on the RT...as only a Committer can actually perform/cut the release (as it requires commit rights)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; Right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, many of the organization/management details performed by the Release Team need not be a Committer. Just needs someone willing to work with the Committers and other Release Team members to organize/schedule the release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ideally, we'd have 3-6 people on the 5.0 Release Team (as that ensures they can share roles and no single person has to do too much of the organization/mgmt duties).  Currently we have 1 volunteer.  So, we need some more people on the team to help chip in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; s/share/distribute/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; tdonohue meant to say: Ideally, we'd have 3-6 people on the 5.0 Release Team (as that ensures they can distribute roles and no single person has to do too much of the organization/mgmt duties).  Currently we have 1 volunteer.  So, we need some more people on the team to help chip in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I don't think it would be a big problem to have  non-committer on the RT, and it would be an easy problem to overcome if it *did* turn into a problem (but I'm most certainly not making any promises in that regard)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger ++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In general, I suspect no one would object to having a non-committer on the RT.  But, I'd just want to run it by the Committers to be certain.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I don't see a problem with the RT bringing in anyone who can do the work well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; do we have enough people to vote?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; just trying to think if this is a way of contributing that would work for some of our more junior developers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; but they can do things like reviewing pull requests, documentation or doing new pull requests without being on the release team</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; so it’s not really an issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; bram-atmire: agreed, the entire community can and should be doing those things</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; it would also be really lovely if specific members of the community/release team could step up to assume responsibility for a certain functional area</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; for example, some one who focuses on JSPUI-only contributions / evaluating pull requests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; someone who does the same for XMLUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; ah, if only there were more than one RT member... alas...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; SWORD, OAI-PMH, performance, ...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bram-atmire: nice idea. I like that concept of taking charge of certain "functional areas"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; even if we’re not in the release team, we may want to do something like this for XMLUI as part of the Mirage 2 contribution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; I mean clearly: if mirage 2 would make it into the core, we wouldn’t want to see it break because of some other contribution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; All the more reason to try and get Mirage 2 in *early* (so that other contributions can take it into account) :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (if possible, that is)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 early contributions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; right, we’re still having the debate internally on what that may look like. Here’s the opportunity which also presents a challenge:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; especially big infrastructure changes, earlier the better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; the “developer build” for mirage 2 relies on a few new tools and build process steps. (SASS/LESS, grunt, …)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; pushing this into the core would mean that the building and compilation would become a bit more complicated because of the required tools</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; but if we would only contribute the “compiled” version which does not contain the dependencies on these build tools, the possiblities for a developer to use all of the nice tools to do customizations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; this brings up a slightly-related thing I'd like to discuss at some point, do we need to clear a space for "helpful scripts or files" in DSpace build? I'm thinking about the RHEL-specific init script I just cobbled together, since there's no adequate version of Tomcat available for RHEL6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; anyway, both the source version and precompiled version are already up for download here:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; <a href="https://atmire.com/website/?q=download-mirage-2">https://atmire.com/website/?q=download-mirage-2</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Download Mirage 2 Beta 1 | atmire ] - <a href="https://atmire.com/website/?q=download-mirage-2">https://atmire.com/website/?q=download-mirage-2</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; as well as documentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; so any feedback would be welcome or ideas on what the “optimal” approach would be</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is it possible to ship the "compiled version" but have guides for how to modify it via SASS, etc.   I'm still unclear on the limitations of the "compiled version" vs. the "developer build"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (admittedly, I haven't had time to pull down Mirage 2 myself...but it's not clear what can be done in the "compiled version" vs. developer build)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; simple example: some colour is defined as a sass variable and other colours are derived from it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; so changing this colour in sass would be a simple, one-variable change</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; but you can also start tweaking the colours in the compiled css files</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; which would have you make more changes in different places</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Current Mirage also requires you to tweak colors in many places in the CSS, so that sounds no different</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; some institutions have already been putting the beta in production, for examples here: <a href="http://www.tara.tcd.ie/">http://www.tara.tcd.ie/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ TARA ] - <a href="http://www.tara.tcd.ie/">http://www.tara.tcd.ie/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; you’re right tim: it would definitely not be WORSE than the old mirage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; but the advantages would be smaller</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; but i’m a bit out of my league here, since this discussions about this are currently still very much on the table</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm trying to get a realistic view on what institutions will *want* to do with Mirage 2.  Are 80-90% just going to tweak the color scheme in the CSS (in which case "compiled version" sounds best), are are there really going to be many folks who want to mess with SASS, etc.  I'd lean towards the "former"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i.e. if *most people* really are just going to tweak CSS anyways, then why force them to use SASS, etc...just ship the "compiled version", and provide tools/guides for those who want to re-compile it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; the nice thing about the SASS toolchain is that it can be shared across projects (DSpace, Drupal, etc.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Nothing leaps out at me as being terribly complex about running some source generators, attached to the appropriate Maven phase(s).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; valid questions, I think we’ll need to put together a few usecases/examples to clarify</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: the complexity is that in order to *compile* Mirage 2, you need to install extra dependencies...things like Ruby and Node.js.  I'd rather avoid forcing *everyone* to add even more dependencies in order to actually install Dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ah.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In my opinion, putting everyone through the process of Compiling Mirage 2 is a "complete no-go".  There's no reason to require everyone install Ruby or Node.js to install DSpace...as nothing else in DSpace depends on those tools</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; You can actually automate almost all of the SASS/Grunt stuff, so it's almost invisible to you (you change one file, the changes ripple out to the other files), it's a nice way to work. The stuff required to make Mirage 2 go is stuff we'd really like to be using across all of our web development projects, I'd be happy for DSpace to lead the way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's another github project, then, with output that's a dependency of DSpace/DSpace.  You can rebuild it if you want to.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood++ Good idea.  That might be the best route.  Think of splitting XMLUI source code into its own separate GitHub project...and the pre-compiled version gets pulled into DSpace/DSpace (via mvn)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; hmm... Git submodules, cool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: I actually wasn't suggesting Git Submodules...but it's possible, I guess. I was just saying a project named "DSpace/dspace-mirage2" (source of Mirage 2) gets compiled &amp; released to Maven Central...and it's then a dependency of "Dspace/Dspace"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That way, users who want to *recompile* Mirage 2 can just checkout/clone "DSpace/dspace-mirage2" and rebuild it as they see fit.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, most everyone else would just get the pre-compiled version that gets pulled in (from Maven Central) when they install DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; This seems to me as a perfrect solution, if it is well documented.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, definitely needs to be well documented ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bram-atmire: does that give you enough feedback to go on, regarding Mirage 2?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Getting the Mirage 2 source conditionally included in the reactor will be interesting.  We may need Yet Another Profile.  Not something I understand well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; thanks, will definitely report back on your feedback</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yea, "tying things together" via Maven is sometimes a bit of a challenge...but, it should be doable. Just needs someone to sit down and dig in -- probably another reason though to try and get something started *EARLY*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we've gone a bit off the agenda here, but I think it was an important discussion. I, personally, am excited to see Mirage 2 get into DSpace 5.  We just need to be careful to not complicate our current installation process</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm OK with keeping the simple version simple, as long as it doesn't raise the bar too high on the awesome version :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yes, I understand. The reality here though is that we need to remember that (probably) all of us here are "advanced users" and 80-90% of the other DSpace Users are not going to need or want the "awesome version" :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, the agenda today is a bit light...so no big deal that we sidetracked to talk about Mirage 2.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I did want to touch back on the upcoming bug fix releases &amp; their status.... 3.3 and 4.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 3.3 in JIRA: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11841">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11841</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace: 3.3 - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11841">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11841</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 4.2 in JIRA: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11840">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11840</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace: 4.2 - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11840">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11840</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; for 4.2, I still haven't had a chance to test the fix for DS-1906, am hoping to get to it today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1906">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1906</a> ] - [DS-1906] Shibboleth attributes may need to be reconverted - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 4.2 still looks to have a lot of open, unresolved issues (13 of them).  3.3 is closer...just 3 unresolved issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hpottinger: 1906 even is not in the list, as the fix version is not set.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; One of the 3.3 issues is from me.  Nobody's commented.  I can just do it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; which ticket is that one?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; pbecker, thanks for that catch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 1961</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-1961 sounds reasonable. Just needs a PR &amp; some testing to ensure we don't break any part of the build or install process</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1961">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1961</a> ] - [DS-1961] Use HTTPS with oss.sonatype.org repository - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 1906 set for 4.2 now, I better get to work, eh? :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The other tickets scheduled for 3.3: DS-1998 and DS-1958 both sound like "obvious fixes" and have +1's...so they look to just need merger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1998">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1998</a> ] - [DS-1998] &amp;quot;dspace classpath&amp;quot; CLI command does nothing, throws error - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1958">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1958</a> ] - [DS-1958] Discovery OutOfMemoryError when indexing Large Bitstreams. - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I've been pulled away from DSpace of late.  Time to refocus and get this out.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; sorry folks, got to go, byebye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, 3.3, in my opinion sounds like it's nearly ready-to-go...  Are you still able to take the lead on 3.3 then, mhwood?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bram-atmire (~bram@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Quit: bram-atmire)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hpottinger: take your time. ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, will do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll add a +1 to 1998 and 1958. Both seem reasonable. We should just push the green button on each</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and then 'cherry-pick' over to any necessary branches, obviously)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger wanders off for a sec, brb</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I've officially added a +1 to both 1998 and 1958 in JIRA.  The only reason I haven't pressed the button is that I don't have my devel environment spun up to do the "cherry-picking"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; back</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Skimming through the 4.2 tickets...a bunch of these seem "stalled" and may need rescheduling to 5.0.  There's a few assigned to abollini or helix84 asking for status (and no response ever came back)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I see a few 4.2 tickets still needing volunteers (some have PRs): DS-1929 , DS-1995 , DS-1805 (has PR)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1929">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1929</a> ] - [DS-1929] editing bitstream description changes bitstream resourcepolicies - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1995">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1995</a> ] - [DS-1995] JSPUI Bootstrap dropdowns don&amp;#39;t display properly in IE8 or 9 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1805">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1805</a> ] - [DS-1805] Maven filtering broken for SOLR artifact - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; gosh, 1805 looks really easy to confirm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, 1805 looks like an "obvious fix"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; care to claim it, hpottinger &amp; run a quick test?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I wouldn't want to spoil the fun for anyone else :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; aw, shoot, I'll take it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sorry, I was just pulled away for a moment.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Back now though...and I'm realizing we are at the end of our meeting time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It sounds like 3.3 is nearly ready (just needs final push).  4.2 still seems to need a bit more work...though I suspect many of these tickets could be rescheduled for 5.0 if needed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is there anything else we want to quickly touch on today? Or should we wrap up our meeting?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I have something, but I'm  not sure if this is the time and the place.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I was asking myself why a person that submitted items couldn't be deleted?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; well, I *think* the Mirage 2 discussion dealt with my question, I just thought I'd re-ask it, would there be interest in providing a space for "extra" scripts/helpful files in the distribution?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; The information in the item table in the column submitter_id should be in the provenance information as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Anja (82587893@gateway/web/freenode/ip.130.88.120.147) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Perhaps it would be better to write a mail to dspace-devel?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; pbecker:  perhaps so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: "extra scripts" probably needs better definition...It "depends".  If the Extra Script is going to be "officially maintained/supported" by committers it could go in DSpace GitHub.  But, if it's just a local script that you want to share with others, then maybe we just need a better way of helping people find them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But I think this points to a need to separate login credentials from personal details.  There has been call for making Submitter, Author, Editor, etc. into repository objects....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I've got a couple of RHEL-specific init scripts for launching Tomcat 6 and Tomcat 7, it's important for running Tomcat 6 and 7 on RHEL since the only supported version of Tomcat and RHEL is 5.5 (cough, sputter)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: yea, may want to start with an email to dspace-devel. I admit, I'm going to have to step away shortly...I don't have time to discuss this now.  But, I agree with mhwood that there may be larger issues here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think there is some work being done on incorporating ORCiD and the like, which would dovetail with this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; okay, will do so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oh, that's an interesting idea: with the ORCID work, do we lose the reason to keep ePerson records forever?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; What I meant was that this may drive the separation of accounts from persons.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hpottinger: that's exactly the problem we have. we must delete ePersons for privacy reasons.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So we wouldn't need to keep the *accounts* forever.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There would just be EPersons (or derived classes?) that didn't have accounts any longer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; our data protection commisioner wants us to delete unused acounts....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; pbecker: you could easily drop all group memberships for old eperson records</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I have no doubt that we will be asked to remove unused accounts at some point, and we should be.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm going to close up today's "official meeting" as it sounds like you all are now on a side conversation :)  Feel free to continue your discussions -- I just need to step away at this point, and I'll catch back up later on.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks tdonohue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hpottinger: the data protection commisioner wants us to delete the accountss completely. It's not a matter of permissions, it's a privacy matter (email address, name, password).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; and dspace don't want to delete accounts if they submitted any items.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; so I have to move the submissions to another account or set the sumbitter_id in the item table to null.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, because account is tangled up with other identities.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I think that shouldn't be a big deal, as the information who submitted an Item should be in the provenance metadata as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; mhwood: what does DSpace needs the submitter_id for?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good question.  I'd have to read the code.  I suspect that ugly things will happen in the item detail display if an Item has no author.  But submitter?  I don't know.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; The author is part of the metadata. I did not had the time to look it up myself, but I will do in the next days.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Today I went through all tickets in jira containing the word "submitter", tomorrow I'll look into the code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; The submitter is important to show a logged in user his archived submissions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; But until now I don't see a reason why every Item needs a submitter.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There may be legal reasons why we need to know who submitted an Item.  But the provenance record may be sufficient.  I need to think about this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* edInCo (~smuxi@seta.coalliance.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Nevertheless, I'll write a mail to dspace-devel as far as I looked into the code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thank you pbecker.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; lets keep in touch about that!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think I will have some things to say in the discussion on -devel.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I would really appreciate that!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Could need help thinking through all of this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think that several developers will be interested.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; It's the next thing on my agenda.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; If you're interessted in this, you may want to look on DS-2012.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2012">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2012</a> ] - [DS-2012] JSPUI does not write column last_active in database as context is not commited after login - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; This is a ticket I filed today, as last_active is not set properly when JSPUI is in use.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thank you.  I will look at it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (8295b1d6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.130.149.177.214) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* edInCo (~smuxi@seta.coalliance.org) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* daryl_ (ca4f122e@gateway/web/freenode/ip.202.79.18.46) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5eaf588c@gateway/web/freenode/ip.94.175.88.140) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi robint. I hope you aren't here for the Developer Meeting (which happened at 15:00 UTC today...not at 20:00UTC, i.e. nowish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Just checked the wiki :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Doh!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'll pay more attention next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yep, I had sent a reminder email to dspace-devel too, but I guess you must've missed it :) <a href="http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/DSpace-Dev-Mtg-Tomorrow-15-00-UTC-and-JIRA-Backlog-Hour-14-00-UTC-td4673163.html">http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/DSpace-Dev-Mtg-Tomorrow-15-00-UTC-and-JIRA-Backlog-Hour-14-00-UTC-td4673163.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace - Devel - DSpace Dev Mtg Tomorrow @ 15:00 UTC and JIRA Backlog Hour @ 14:00 UTC ] - <a href="http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/DSpace-Dev-Mtg-Tomorrow-15-00-UTC-and-JIRA-Backlog-Hour-14-00-UTC-td4673163.html">http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/DSpace-Dev-Mtg-Tomorrow-15-00-UTC-and-JIRA-Backlog-Hour-14-00-UTC-td4673163.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I need to get back in the saddle</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Cheers for now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Cheers. Next week, of course it will be at 20 UTC. So, next week, don't show up at 15 UTC ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If it gets confusing, there's a weekly calendar (DuraSpace Public Events Calendar) linked off of: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Developer+Meetings">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Developer+Meetings</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Developer Meetings - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Developer+Meetings">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Developer+Meetings</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; direct link: <a href="https://www.google.com/calendar/hosted/fedora-commons.org/embed?src=fedora-commons.org_o5iransoopr4i05f7ajpkab7ms@group.calendar.google.com">https://www.google.com/calendar/hosted/fedora-commons.org/embed?src=fedora-commons.org_o5iransoopr4i05f7ajpkab7ms@group.calendar.google.com</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DuraSpace Public Events ] - <a href="https://www.google.com/calendar/hosted/fedora-commons.org/embed?src=fedora-commons.org_o5iransoopr4i05f7ajpkab7ms@group.calendar.google.com">https://www.google.com/calendar/hosted/fedora-commons.org/embed?src=fedora-commons.org_o5iransoopr4i05f7ajpkab7ms@group.calendar.google.com</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (5eaf588c@gateway/web/freenode/ip.94.175.88.140) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* daryl_ (ca4f122e@gateway/web/freenode/ip.202.79.18.46) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: damn, i tried to show up for this one ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: i can't make 15 UTC but i will be around for hte next 20 UTC one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, I figured as much.  Unfortunately there's no "perfect time" for all...Most the Europeans have trouble making 20 UTC, but I realize 15 UTC is the middle of the night for you and aschweer.  Hence the rotating schedule.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i remember seeing it discussed, just didn't occur to me this morning ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kdweeks (~Adium@2001:468:c80:a103:d950:342f:b239:ed7f) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kdweeks (~Adium@2001:468:c80:a103:d950:342f:b239:ed7f) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
