<span class="irc-date">[0:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* edInCo (~smuxi@seta.coalliance.org) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- [freenode-info] channel trolls and no channel staff around to help? please check with freenode support: <a href="http://freenode.net/faq.shtml#gettinghelp">http://freenode.net/faq.shtml#gettinghelp</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd2 (~kim@121-99-35-254.bng1.nct.orcon.net.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* edInCo (~smuxi@seta.coalliance.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-233-76.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-233-76.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dietz72m1.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:42]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (55d433d5@gateway/web/freenode/ip.85.212.51.213) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Meeting.  General agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-04-09">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-04-09</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-04-09 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-04-09">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-04-09</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First up, just a few brief notes.  We're still looking for 5.0 Release Team members/volunteers. If you happen to be interested, get in touch with me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up, I actually just realized (this morning) that I'm not going to be able to make next week's DSpace Devel Mtg.  So, is there anyone who'd want to lead the meeting on April 16?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm only out that Weds afternoon...so I'm even willing to help try and setup the agenda...just won't be online that afternoon cause of a prior commitment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can do that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks mhwood. I appreciate it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's on my calendar.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm gonna skip over #2 on the agenda briefly...just cause #3 may affect next weeks plans as well.  Initially I was planning to have the next "Let's talk about features" meeting next week (April 16).  But, since I'm out, should we reschedule for April 23?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone have a preference on April 16 v. 23?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I would say whenever we can get the most voices present</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, assuming no one else has strong preferences, then I'll say let's do the 23rd. That way I can also be in attendance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up.  Just a status check on DSpace 4.2 and/or 3.3 releases...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; just curious if there's any help/support needed, or if we are still just waiting on closing out of some last tickets?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yeah, I need to review one PR that we specifically asked for, and then make up a 3.3.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. sounds good then. looks like there's just two unresolved tickets left for 3.3: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11841">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11841</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace: 3.3 - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11841">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11841</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm basically just trying to get a sense of how "close" we are, so that we can ensure we are ready to put out the necessary announcements, update dspace.org, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Would it be worth setting some (tentative) deadlines/dates?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sure.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; e.g. Release 3.3 around April 25/26 (if we need that long)...and perhaps even start to think about releasing 4.2 around early-to-mid May?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 4.2 date is mostly a "guess".  Just wondering if we should set something tentative to see if we can find more immediate volunteers to get outstanding issues patched, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 25-April sounds good for 3.3.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; or, I guess we could also schedule a "PR review session" for 4.2 -- just to see how far along we are, and perhaps merge in some "obvious wins"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'd like to review pbecker's PR for DS-1906 (DSPR#469), hopefully in time for 3.3 and 4.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/469">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/469</a> ] - DS-1906: Adds configurable option to reconvert shibboleth attributes. by pnbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1906">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1906</a> ] - [DS-1906] Shibboleth attributes may need to be reconverted - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That would be good to have.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; We are still on 4.x, so it would be great for us if it would come into 4.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; s/still/already</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; pbecker meant to say: We are already on 4.x, so it would be great for us if it would come into 4.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; pbecker: do you not cherry-pick your own PRs? :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; yes I do, but I'm glad to be as tight to a dspace release as possible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; (sorry, just giving you grief, don't pay any attention to me)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1906 seems fine. Just need to try and review it soon.  It seems like 3.3 is "very nearly ready" (and I'd hate to delay it).  4.2 is less well defined, but it seems like DS-1958 is important to fix in 4.x soon(ish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1958">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1958</a> ] - [DS-1958] Discovery OutOfMemoryError when indexing Large Bitstreams. - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I just hate OOM errors, and it'd be great to squash that on in *both* 3.x and 4.x)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I want to get that one in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; (hpottinger: no grief at all)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so sounds like 3.3 is tentative for April 25.   Regarding 4.2, maybe we should do a review of still open 4.2 tickets (at an upcoming JIRA backlog session) to see what we can get in quickly...with the hope of a early-to-mid May release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That sounds good.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds like a plan then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. So, moving along then.  Next up is Meeting Times</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As was noted (just on -commit list so far), this meeting time (20:00UTC) seems to only be "convenient" for USA and New Zealand folks.  But, the majority of our Committers (and many other active devels) are now physically based in Europe</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I'm realy glad about this topic. Even with another time I wouldn't attend to all meetings, but the actual time is one of the biggest blocker for me to attend at least from time to time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; here's the square we need to circle: <a href="http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingtime.html?month=4&amp;day=16&amp;year=2014&amp;p1=248&amp;p2=770&amp;p3=109&amp;p4=179&amp;p5=136&amp;p6=215&amp;p7=204&amp;p8=48&amp;p9=26&amp;p10=22&amp;iv=0">http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingtime.html?month=4&amp;day=16&amp;year=2014&amp;p1=248&amp;p2=770&amp;p3=109&amp;p4=179&amp;p5=136&amp;p6=215&amp;p7=204&amp;p8=48&amp;p9=26&amp;p10=22&amp;iv=0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ The World Clock Meeting Planner - Results ] - <a href="http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingtime.html?month=4&amp;day=16&amp;year=2014&amp;p1=248&amp;p2=770&amp;p3=109&amp;p4=179&amp;p5=136&amp;p6=215&amp;p7=204&amp;p8=48&amp;p9=26&amp;p10=22&amp;iv=0">http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingtime.html?month=4&amp;day=16&amp;year=2014&amp;p1=248&amp;p2=770&amp;p3=109&amp;p4=179&amp;p5=136&amp;p6=215&amp;p7=204&amp;p8=48&amp;p9=26&amp;p10=22&amp;iv=0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, hpottinger &amp; I were chatting about this recently...and it seemed like there was two main times that would catch "most of us" (there's absolutely no way to catch everyone around the world)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 14:00 UTC / 15:00 UTC - seems to be convenient for most of Europe &amp; central/eastern USA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 20:00 UTC - seems to be convenient for all of USA and our active New Zealand folks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; the current time, 20UTC, is pretty good for matching up with *everyone* on our list *possibly* being at least awake during "normal-ish" hours</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 14/15UTC is much more convenient for many, but writes off Asia</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, can we handle the complexity of an alternating meeting time?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And obviously we should realize that even in this meeting, today, we are mostly USA folks (except pbecker and it's great to have you here)... at least those that have actively spoken</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; supposing that almost all of the commiters/developers work on DSpace as their jobs "being awake" is not enough.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; there are two kshepherds here, but they are both very quiet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In my opinion though, we have a problem right now in that we are missing a large number of contributors in Europe (and potentially making decisions without them) in these meetings.  I'd like to solve that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: I agree completely. "Being awake" is not enough. It'd be better to try and catch people during "normal working hours" (at least every few weeks)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; are there reasonable numbers of dspace installations in asia?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There are a lot of DSpace installations in Asia.  But, in terms of Committers, we only have one based in Asia (Japan)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; The earlier 14 or 15 UTC meeting time doesn't really cause me any problems, though midnight to 3am is tough for Asia and the Pacific</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; And in terms of developers or contributors?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it's hard to track all developers/contributors.  Some of them we only "know" by GitHub ids...and we may not actually know where they are based, unless they say so (or it's obvious from their email address)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; To be clear, I think having two meeting times is the most fair approach, and we can handle the complexity.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd2 (~kim@121-99-35-254.bng1.nct.orcon.net.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: are you suggesting two meetings on the same day?  Or alternating times?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; though, we should probably attach some metrics to this, and keep track to attendance, to assess the impact of alternating times</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: alternating times, one week gets the "late meeting" of 20UTC, the following week gets the "early meeting" of 14 or 15UTC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Tim's weekly mail that remembers on the developer meeting is realy helpful to me. If this service continues, I wouldn't have a problem with alternating meeting times. ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd keep trying to send out the weekly email :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Tim could even include an iCal attachment so we could drag/drop the meeting into our calendars</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree with hpottinger though. I suspect it's worth at least *trying* alternating meeting times (one week 20UTC, the next at 14/15UTC), to see what happens.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; but, we do need to be able to *measure* what happens</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Though, I'd like to get more feedback from the Committers as to whether they have any preference of 14 vs 15UTC.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; duralogbot can handle that, or maybe kompewter?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: right, wouldn't the "measurement" just be the number of attendees?   Duralogbot doesn't actually measure the number of "lurkers", but you could determine who joined around meeting time and who actually said something</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (as that's all logged, obviously)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; ah, and we could data-mine the previous logs, too, to get a baseline</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I just realized that either 1400 or 1500 will be hard for me to attend on alternate Tuesdays, as I have a SCRUM planning meeting at that time.  But I'll do what I can.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; We're still talking Wednesdays, correct?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Is there a reason to change the day to tuesday?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As a very rough sample...in this meeting right now, as far as I can tell, we have only 5 active attendees (hpottinger, mhwood, PeterDietz, pbecker &amp; I).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'd stick with Weds</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it'd be Weds at 14/15UTC, and then Weds at 20UTC.  (Tuesdays are bad for me as well)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Oh, I'm looking at the top of the chart, not the bottom.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; the timeanddate.com link starts with Tuesday, even though I gave it a Wednesday date, it just has a very inclusive idea of time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Up there it's mostly Tuesday.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; In NZ it's Thursday :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I have a 15-minute meeting daily at 09:45 ET, but these are short.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I think the next step here is to propose this meeting change to the Committers.  I just want to get quick feedback on 14 vs 15 UTC from folks in Europe, and then we can start doing this sometime in the next few weeks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 1500 Wednesdays would be better for me, but I can adapt.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; pbecker: pick your time :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As our only European person in attendance today, pbecker do you have any preferences between 14 vs. 15 UTC?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; 14/15 both are okay for me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 15UTC is ever so slightly better for me too. But, I can do 14UTC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Wow, you are the representative for all of Europe today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it's lucky for us you came today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; wow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; excited how many attendes will be on the first 14/15UTC meeting. ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, so I'll send an email to Commiters about this idea and we'll see where it goes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I agree 15UTC is better for me as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; as I said before: the actual time ist the biggest blocker for me in attending the meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks tdonohue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Right now, I suspect that next week (April 16) we will still be at 20:00UTC.  But, hopefully by end of April we can have our first 14/15UTC meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yeah, it'll be great to have more people here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; not complaining about present company, mind you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; It should be announced with enough time to the first meeting with the new time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, that's really the last agenda item for today's meeting.  Are there any other topics to bring up?  Anyone have anything they'd like to discuss / have questions on?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: yep, I agree we need to announce the new time well in advance. That's why I suspect next week we'll still be at 20 UTC :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; not hearing any other topics...so, I guess we'll just close up early today.  I'll still be around here for a while if anything comes up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; So I'm leaving, bye!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks for joining us! bye, pbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 'bye, all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (55d433d5@gateway/web/freenode/ip.85.212.51.213) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* edInCo (~smuxi@seta.coalliance.org) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dietz72m1.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
