<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2014-03-05
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd2 (~kim@203.160.115.179) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd2 (~kim@203.160.115.179) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aawoods__ (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aawoods__ (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* helix84 (~ctenar@195.178.95.132) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ruebot (~ruebot@pdpc/supporter/professional/ruebot) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (kim@ec2-184-73-177-234.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ChanServ (ChanServ@services.) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ruebot (~ruebot@pdpc/supporter/professional/ruebot) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~ctenar@195.178.95.132) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (kim@ec2-184-73-177-234.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ChanServ (ChanServ@services.) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd2 (~kim@121-99-37-31.bng1.nct.orcon.net.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd2 (~kim@121-99-37-31.bng1.nct.orcon.net.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84_ (~ctenar@195.178.95.132) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* helix84 (~ctenar@195.178.95.132) Quit (Ping timeout: 265 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Oak (~Arslan@unaffiliated/alreadygone) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Oak (~Arslan@unaffiliated/alreadygone) Quit (Quit: Later guys... :)       (me liking <a href="http://hexchat.github.io/">http://hexchat.github.io/</a> very much))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* burmistrov (~burmistro@91.217.91.99) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* burmistrov (~burmistro@91.217.91.99) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd2 (~kim@255.33.226.49.dyn.cust.vf.net.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Meeting: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-03-05">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-03-05</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-03-05 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-03-05">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-03-05</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Seems like a bit of a smaller group today, but we'll go ahead and get started (perhaps others will pop in along the way)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First off, a huge thanks to everyone who worked hard on getting 4.1 packed up &amp; shipped out.  Additional thanks to mhwood for doing a lot of the final packaging/shipping, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Glad to see 4.1 get out the door myself, as it fixes a lot of small (but important) things in 4.1 :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; err..in 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, now we'll just need to determine along the way if there's still enough outstanding to warrant a 4.2.  There's no rush obviously, so we may as well wait until we sense a need</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Quiet in here today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, very quiet :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is it just mhwood and I around today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue senses that may be the case so far...even more silence</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Well then, we don't really have a full "quorum" here, hmmm.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm assuming some others will likely read the logs.  So, I might as well just make it through announcements here....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The only other "announcement" is that next week is our DuraSpace Sponsors Meeting.  I'll be attending that on Tues &amp; Weds, so I won't be on IRC either of those days.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, unfortunately I won't be around for next weeks meeting.   But, I will be sure to report back on anything that happens at the DuraSpace Sponsors Summit.  There will be some discussions there around DSpace Governance, mainly with members of the newly forming DSpace Steering Committee.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Beyond that, I don't have anything else to announce.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and we don't really have a quorum here, being just mhwood and I.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We'll see if we can find a moderator for next week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well, anything else on your mind today mhwood?  Anything you want to discuss? Or should we just call it a (rather abbreviated) meeting?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; hpottinger brought up the About New Features meetings in the ML.  We need to schedule one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ah, that makes three of us.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, right.  Well, we could make an announcement of a "Let's talk about features" meeting on March 19, perhaps (I'll be around then)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds good to me.  I should be there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aha, yea, hi aschweer.  We have a rather quiet meeting going (you make three of us total).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not sure we have a perfect "format" for the "Let's talk about features" meeting yet.  So, I may just make that announcement to -devel initially.  I'm hesitant to open it too broadly until we test the waters some</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd2 (~kim@255.33.226.49.dyn.cust.vf.net.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 265 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; oops, sorry, I'm much distracted but thought I'd pop onto IRC anyway</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That may be a good way to start.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm also now realizing I need to get us to revisit the "Requiring Documentation before a PR is merged" policy.  I'll try and restart that in -commit.  I'd like to get that finalized sooner rather than later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ah, I had forgotten that one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yea, it's been a few months now..Sorry, my plate is just continually full, and some of these things keep sliding off...need to get myself to get them wrapped up &amp; done :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thank you for taking them on.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; This needs broader discussion, but what did you think of scheduling talk about GSOC well in advance of the "application season"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Scheduling talk of GSOC earlier is fine by me. It sorta snuck up on me this year.  But, admittedly, scheduling it *too far* in advance could also be problematic -- we could surely brainstorm ideas very early on, but finding mentors may be easier as folks get a better sense of their summer schedules</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Just a thought.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hello.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep. I agree it's a nice thought.  I'd love to have a more "up-to-date" wishlist which we could pull from in prepping for GSOC (or even cross-institutional collaborations).  So, that might be the something we could try and do better/earlier</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; we do have plenty of feature requests in Jira. we might need to revive one of the feature request summary pages and keep it continually updated (with links to Jira). That way when GSOC comes, we just need to pick a few and find mentors.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; it would also be a good source of ideas to discuss on the feature-format DevMtgs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That is a nice idea.  I'd actually like to find better ways to organize our JIRA tickets.  Wondering out loud if even tagging things as "possible-gsoc" (not the greatest tag name) in JIRA would be worthwhile</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; e.g., I like that hpottinger (and others now) are starting to tag things as "low_hanging_fruit"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; well wiki pages can contain lists of jira issues fetched by a search query, so the options are limitless</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; tdonohue: I think I called some "papercuts"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Right. Just noting that it'd be nice to have *automated* lists of JIRA tickets, rather than manually maintained ones</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, looking through JIRA would be beneficial to both future GSoC and "Let's talk about features" meetings.  Just might be good to find ways to organize our JIRA tickets even better...there's a lot in there, and some tickets are more "project-ready" than others</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;misilot&gt; wishlist ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and we may want to consolidate "papercuts" and "low_hanging_fruit" tags if they really are the same thing...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I wasn't sure if they were...we probably need our own "glossary" of tags somewhere)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I don't seem them as equivalent.  A "papercut" is annoying but harmless.  "Low-hanging fruit" could be quite significant, but seems easy and quick to do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And we do need a glossary.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; My assumption around papercut vs. low-hanging-fruit was the same as yours, mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well, the glossary should be not too hard...I think we only primarily use 4 official tags/labels so far:  "low_hanging_fruit", "papercut", "has-pull-request", "has-patch"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it seems like folks are distracted here, and even though there's more "lurkers" we are still mostly quiet.  Wonder if we should just close up the meeting early</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I have it on my list to send emails about "Let's talk about Features" (to -devel) and restart "Docs required before PR merger" discussion (on -commit).  So, I'll try and get those done today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Okay by me.  It is only 13:00 to the scheduled close anyway.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>