<span class="irc-date">[0:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* edInCo (~smuxi@seta.coalliance.org) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kdweeks (~Adium@2001:468:c80:a103:4899:e41e:880:2c08) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- [freenode-info] please register your nickname...don't forget to auto-identify! <a href="http://freenode.net/faq.shtml#nicksetup">http://freenode.net/faq.shtml#nicksetup</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (kim@ec2-184-73-177-234.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (kim@ec2-184-73-177-234.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kdweeks (~Adium@2001:468:c80:a103:58be:5473:afd2:8ebe) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kdweeks (~Adium@2001:468:c80:a103:58be:5473:afd2:8ebe) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kdweeks (~Adium@2001:468:c80:a103:b062:c364:8ec4:547c) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Cgknowles (516436b5@gateway/web/freenode/ip.81.100.54.181) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* monikam_ (~Monika_Me@monika.Princeton.EDU) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Cgknowles (516436b5@gateway/web/freenode/ip.81.100.54.181) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* monikam_ (~Monika_Me@monika.Princeton.EDU) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bram-atmire (~bram@94-225-35-170.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* monikam_ (~Monika_Me@monika.Princeton.EDU) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d5153D041.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5eaf588c@gateway/web/freenode/ip.94.175.88.140) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Meeting.  Rough agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-07-09">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-07-09</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-07-09 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-07-09">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-07-09</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles_ (~cknowles@cpc19-sgyl35-2-0-cust180.18-2.cable.virginm.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And, of course, I didn't realize until this morning (for me) that NOW is the start of the World Cup Semi-final game (and we are directly competing with that).  So, my complete apologies to those who are avidly watching the World Cup</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I hope you can just do two things at once (for this first half of the game, at least)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case...the primary topic today is really about the 4.2 Release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Multitask!??</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue laughs...honestly, I have the game on mute right next to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (so if I go silent, or type gibberish, it's likely something just happened)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; After last nights game I daren't take my eyes off it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles_&gt; not as much as last nights match surely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha. Yes, I agree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case...let's quickly talk some 4.2, so we can all get to watching the game :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 4.2 was initially scheduled for THIS friday.  However, we've had requests to delay for one week...as there are concerns of a possible Discovery/Solr issue (as yet unverified) based on recent thread to dspace-tech</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This thread, to be exact: <a href="http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/DSpace-4-1-slow-to-submit-edit-delet-item-td4673891.html">http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/DSpace-4-1-slow-to-submit-edit-delet-item-td4673891.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace - Tech - DSpace 4.1 slow to submit/edit/delet item ] - <a href="http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/DSpace-4-1-slow-to-submit-edit-delet-item-td4673891.html">http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/DSpace-4-1-slow-to-submit-edit-delet-item-td4673891.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Sounds like it might be the sensible choice to delay a week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That would give one more week to clean up the 16 open tickets.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; There were also some outstanding issues from Hardy and Pascal B</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree. I'm not too concerned about a week's delay...especially if we think there may be some valid concerns here (and it sounds like there may be, as the reports are coming from multiple users)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we all in favor for delaying the deadline for 4.2 fixes until next Friday, July 18?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm +1 too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. Done, then. We'll delay 4.2 for one week, so we have more time for analysis, cleaning up last tickets, etc.  Personally, I'd rather not delay too much more, barring any major discovered issues obviously</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; speaking of "last tickets"...there are still quite a few "unclaimed" tickets marked for 4.2 (likely all of which will be rescheduled for 5.0 unless they get claimed soon)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's the 4.2 unresolved tickets: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+fixVersion+%3D+4.2+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+ORDER+BY+due+ASC%2C+priority+DESC%2C+created+ASC&amp;mode=hide">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+fixVersion+%3D+4.2+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+ORDER+BY+due+ASC%2C+priority+DESC%2C+created+ASC&amp;mode=hide</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+fixVersion+%3D+4.2+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+ORDER+BY+due+ASC%2C+priority+DESC%2C+created+ASC&amp;mode=hide">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+fixVersion+%3D+4.2+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+ORDER+BY+due+ASC%2C+priority+DESC%2C+created+ASC&amp;mode=hide</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd personally like to see DS-1986 (needs some testing, likely), and also, if anyone can get to it, DS-2042 (but it's unclaimed as of yet) both get in...if possible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1986">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1986</a> ] - [DS-1986] REST API holds on to context for too long, should use DB pool - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2042">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2042</a> ] - [DS-2042] Discovery/Solr is improperly indexing the &amp;quot;dc.description.provenance&amp;quot; field - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; DS-2036 just waiting on documentation?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2036">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2036</a> ] - [DS-2036] DSpace upgrade with oracle database, no discovery results - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yes. 2036 just needs docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (so 2036 is very low hanging fruit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* monikam_ (~Monika_Me@monika.Princeton.EDU) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if any of you see any 4.2 scheduled tickets that interest or annoy you, please do feel free to claim them &amp; fix them.  I'm also hoping to chip in where I can in the coming few days -- and I'm glad to try and help test/review anything new</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other comments / thoughts / questions on 4.2 (or any of the tickets still marked for 4.2)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We could also even do a quick review of remaining 4.2 tickets to see if anyone here is interested in helping push any forward, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* monikam_ (~Monika_Me@monika.Princeton.EDU) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tbh depends on work commitments as to whether I can help out, time will tell</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; makes sense</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, admittedly, the remainder of the agenda today was essentially "Open Discussion".  Are there any other topics / works-in-progress / brainstorms that anyone wants to bring up today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; For bram-atmire and KevinVdV - is the intentention to commit Mirage2 for 5.0 with the dependencies on Compass etc?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; not really much of a topic, but what is the recommended dspace development setting for git line endings cfr <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/dealing-with-line-endings">https://help.github.com/articles/dealing-with-line-endings</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Dealing with line endings · GitHub Help ] - <a href="https://help.github.com/articles/dealing-with-line-endings">https://help.github.com/articles/dealing-with-line-endings</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; @robint good question</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; yes is the short answer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Anybody know how much work it would take to bring configurable workflow up to parity with old workflow, so we can deprecate the old and schedule its removal?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; the longer answer is that we found a way for maven to run all that building in sandbox environments</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; so unlike our previous beta releases of mirage 2, it would not be required to install all the tools manually</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bram-atmire: RE: line endings...our .gitattributes file should take care of it: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/.gitattributes">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/.gitattributes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/.gitattributes at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/.gitattributes">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/.gitattributes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; (unless you want to)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; bram-atmire: fair enough. I was looking for a Java alternative to Compass but couldn't find anything good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bram-atmire: i.e. line endings should be normalized by Git, based on our .gitattributes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; this compare seems to do something with the line ending: <a href="https://github.com/bram-atmire/DSpace/compare/DSpace:dspace-4_x...bram-atmire:dspace-4_x?expand=1">https://github.com/bram-atmire/DSpace/compare/DSpace:dspace-4_x...bram-atmire:dspace-4_x?expand=1</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Comparing DSpace:dspace-4_x...bram-atmire:dspace-4_x · bram-atmire/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/bram-atmire/DSpace/compare/DSpace:dspace-4_x...bram-atmire:dspace-4_x?expand=1">https://github.com/bram-atmire/DSpace/compare/DSpace:dspace-4_x...bram-atmire:dspace-4_x?expand=1</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; so I don’t know whether I can safely do the pull request here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; @robint: we also tested the deployment on windows and seems to work like a charm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bram-atmire: Good to hear you've found a way to build Mirage2 via maven. Is that in the new Mirage2 github?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; Yes - the code is now open on github, and this is where we are preparing the pull request</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; <a href="https://github.com/atmire/DSpace/tree/mirage2/dspace/modules/mirage2">https://github.com/atmire/DSpace/tree/mirage2/dspace/modules/mirage2</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace/modules/mirage2 at mirage2 · atmire/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/atmire/DSpace/tree/mirage2/dspace/modules/mirage2">https://github.com/atmire/DSpace/tree/mirage2/dspace/modules/mirage2</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; instead of a separate PDF with docs, we also now have the developer docs as readme.md</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bram-atmire: I wouldn't worry about that git diff... I've seen those tiny end-of-file changes before as well, and haven't yet seen any issues with that (Not sure off hand why it happens though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll have to look more closely at that new Mirage2 github then... sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: Mirage2 working well for us, although just at testing/development stage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; we still need to provide some explanation why it’s sitting in /dspace/modules</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; and not in /dspace-xmlui/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; basically:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; 1. we want it to be optional for now, so completely separate from dspace-xmlui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; 2. if people start doing changes/editing, we would want them to work with the source files in /dspace/modules/mirage2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; so in a sense, we believe the theme SHOULD be customized locally and believe this will make local customization easier and more intuitive</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; instead of saying, well, if you want to modify the theme, first copy a directory all the way from /dspace-xmlui/themes into /dspace/modules etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; anyway, i’m a bit out of my league here because I still need to get the full briefing on this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; we should have all of the reasons lined up when we finalize the pull request</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; That seems logical, but then that logic would also apply to other themes which remain in dspace-xmlui?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It is a bit confusing....as all other source is under [src]/[some-module]  instead of [src]/dspace/modules/[some-module]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles_&gt; would the plan be for it to replace dspace-xmlui?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; [src]/dspace/modules/ was (initially) created for localized changes only...this would be the first example (ever) of us distributing source code there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; tdonohue++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I tend to ignore dspace/modules and just keep local branches in our SCM.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I use [src]/dspace/modules/ rather heavily myself for things like Overlays (where I can just overlay a *single* file into the source)....and this would kinda go against the whole idea of overlaying things.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Actually it shouldn't be that hard to develop a theme entirely separately, package it in a JAR and just drop it in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, at the same time here, I do understand that Mirage2 is a bit unique...it's a theme that requires some sort of "compilation".   We don't have a great model for this in DSpace -- it'd almost be better served by a true "plugin" framework</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; (Aspects are harder to package separately, as I'm discovering right now.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; @cknowles_: Mirage 2 in itself can not replace dspace-xmlui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; because it’s an xmlui theme, so it relies on cocoon just like the other themes do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I guess in the end, I'd want to understand why [src]/dspace/modules/mirage2/ and not either [src]/dspace-xmlui-mirage2/ or [src]/dspace-xmlui/mirage2/.... maybe there are really good reasons that I'm not understand</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; understanding</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; yup, we’re aware of the concerns and we’ll make sure to list the pro’s and con’s that lead to this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; I just don’t have all of them right now here, as Art is out of the office this week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; gotcha. understood.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; That’s also the reason why we haven’t done the pull request just yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; Ideally, we would want to get Mirage 2 in as early as possible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; because we have some other contributions for which we will need to build mirage 2 specific UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 agreed...that way other new features can build into it...rather than ignoring it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; such as the sherpa romeo XMLUI compatibility</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; and ORCID</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Another option to "throw out" here...is to do something like create a [src]/dspace-xmlui-themes/  folder...and have "mirage2" just be one subfolder there.  Just seems slightly odd to have one theme be at the same "level" as all other major modules...but, maybe it's the best we can do for now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; in any case...needs some more discussion, once the appropriate folks are back in the office</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any other topics to jump to here? I saw that mhwood was asking about Configurable Workflow a ways back in the discussion..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; it was a great question</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; but I lack the answer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We have two workflows.  The new one is way more flexible, but is missing a piece or two and needs to be made default for a release cycle or so before we move the old one out.  Anybody know how much work that might be?  Could new be brought up to parity in *this* cycle?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; What features are missing in the configurable workflow ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* monikam_ (~Monika_Me@monika.Princeton.EDU) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Richard Rodgers pointed out something missing w.r.t. curation tasks.  I haven't looked into it yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; My big question on Configurable Workflow is who all uses it?  I admit, I do not (for DSpaceDirect)...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it doesn't support curation tasks...that is correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i.e. automatically kicking off a curation task during a workflow step</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That definitely should be fixed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It doesn't sound like a lot of work, but I don't know that code well at all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Do others (here) use Configurable Workflow?  I have little experience with it so far, admittedly. I need to try it out more, but haven't found a good reason yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Neither do I'm afraid (the curation part, not the configurable workflow part)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: not used it yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've used config. workflow exactly once, unmodified, to smoke-test it after fixing up some database scripts that touch it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; there was an OR14 presentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But I see an old workflow and a new workflow, and ask myself why we need two, and wouldn't it be better to make the new one *the* workflow since enabling it one's self is kind of a pain.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; featuring a very elaborate thesis workflow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; built on the configurable workflow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; let me see if i can find it ..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; <a href="https://www.doria.fi/handle/10024/97531">https://www.doria.fi/handle/10024/97531</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ It’s a workflow engine. It’s working with linked data. It’s repository! – Supporting electronic thesis related processes in University of Helsinki library ] - <a href="https://www.doria.fi/handle/10024/97531">https://www.doria.fi/handle/10024/97531</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think my one worry here is that it may not be widely used (by most users).  We should work to resolve that, and get more experience with it, as it seems like a good improvement to workflow in general. But, I don't know what all is involved in making it "on by default" in DSpace 5 or 6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If it's certain that cfg. workflow doesn't support attached tasks then I will write up a ticket to capture that, and perhaps I can work on it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Maybe one of our aims for 6 should be to rationalise some of these options</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And, we'd probably want to somehow "default" Configurable Workflow to "look like" the traditional workflow (if that's even possible)... IIRC, it doesn't by default, or does it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; The look and feel for the end user/admin should be almost identical</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; By default</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I thought it looked very like the old one by default.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, ok. I'm mistaken then :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint ++ (regarding "rationalising some of these options")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I also have Ds-1390 (ConfigurationManager vs. ConfigurationService) on my want-to-fix-for-5.0 list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we probably need a ticket for "Turning on Configurable Workflow by default" too.   That way we can attach other tasks to it as needed/discovered</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Will do that ticket right now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks, mhwood!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. Any final topics here?  Noticing we are near the 1 hour mark.  And I'd rather not go over too much today, World Cup considering (currently at half time)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ticket submitted, linked to "curation task support" ticket.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Not hearing any other topics. So, we'll close out for today.  Reminder, if you have a moment over the next week, help us on any of the final 4.2 tickets!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; thanks Tim!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Cheers all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; enjoy the rest of the World Cup game! ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bram-atmire (~bram@94-225-35-170.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: bram-atmire)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (5eaf588c@gateway/web/freenode/ip.94.175.88.140) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles_&gt; bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; see ya!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Don't mind if I do !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles_ (~cknowles@cpc19-sgyl35-2-0-cust180.18-2.cable.virginm.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d5153D041.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
