<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2014-09-10
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Payam (~Nick@46.209.236.18) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Payam&gt; Does DSpace allow its admin users to add new resource type(s)? (if yes, please provide screenshot(s))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Payam_ (~Nick@81.17.242.196) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:55]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Payam (~Nick@46.209.236.18) Quit (Ping timeout: 255 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Payam_ is now known as Payam</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Payam_ (~Nick@46.209.236.18) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Payam__ (~Nick@91.214.44.36) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Payam (~Nick@81.17.242.196) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Payam__ is now known as Payam</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Payam_ (~Nick@46.209.236.18) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Payam_ (~Nick@46.209.236.18) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Payam__ (~Nick@91.214.45.121) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:18]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Payam (~Nick@91.214.44.36) Quit (Ping timeout: 272 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Payam__ is now known as Payam</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Payam__ (~Nick@46.209.236.18) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Payam_ (~Nick@46.209.236.18) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Payam (~Nick@91.214.45.121) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Payam__ is now known as Payam</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Payam_ (~Nick@79.142.78.193) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Payam (~Nick@46.209.236.18) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Payam_ is now known as Payam</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Payam_ (~Nick@46.209.236.18) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Payam (~Nick@79.142.78.193) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Payam_ is now known as Payam</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Payam (~Nick@46.209.236.18) Quit (Quit: Going offline, see ya! (www.adiirc.com))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* towodo (~anonymous@30-16-206.dynamic.csail.mit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kohts (d4e97fba@gateway/web/freenode/ip.212.233.127.186) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@161.130.188.139) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome. It's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Meeting. Today's rough agenda is at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-09-10">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-09-10</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-09-10 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-09-10">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-09-10</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As has been the recent "trend", today's meeting is obviously all about the upcoming 5.0 release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And we'll start off with the same general reminders: (1) The 5.0 Feature PR deadline is in &lt;1 month (Oct 6)!!  So, get your Feature PRs in as soon as you can!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint_ (81d7ec36@gateway/web/freenode/ip.129.215.236.54) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (2) If you would like to contribute to 5.0 more directly, we could still use another Release Team member or two.  No prior experience is necessary, and you don't even need to be a Committer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Beyond that though...I didn't have anything else "general" to mention regarding 5.0 or the upcoming release schedule</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Though, actually, I do wonder if we should have someone (peterdietz or hpottinger perhaps?) post a notice to our mailing lists about the 5.0 Release Schedule?  Just to ensure everyone out there is in the loop and especially is aware of the first deadline?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's that 5.0 Release Schedule: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status#DSpaceRelease5.0Status-TimelineandProcessing">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status#DSpaceRelease5.0Status-TimelineandProcessing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'll do it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 5.0 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status#DSpaceRelease5.0Status-TimelineandProcessing">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status#DSpaceRelease5.0Status-TimelineandProcessing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I jsust sent a note to dspace-general hoping to drum up help testing Pull Requests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks hpottinger!  I'd recommend posting a message to all major lists (dspace-general/tech/devel)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone else have general notes or questions regarding 5.0?  (We'll move on to reviewing 5.0 PRs in a second, so wait on that)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; unless our RC wants to send the note, I'll ask him</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: feel free to work it out between you and peterdietz. Whoever wants to do it is fine by me. Just figured we should get that info out more publicly for those who may not be tracking these meetings, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@server112.longsightgroup.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, not hearing any other general notes/questions. We'll move along to 5.0 Feature PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; From last week, there were three 5.0 Feature PRs which were recommended to be discussed today, so we'll start with those (and we may have time for others at the end)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First up, DS-1990 / DSPR#537 from pbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1990">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1990</a> ] - [DS-1990] Missing a way to handle identifiers like DOIs in case of a deletion event - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/537">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/537</a> ] - DS-1990: Events should contain all identifiers, not only handles. by pnbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Two of them are comming from me and are related to each other: DS-1990 and DS-2061.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1990">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1990</a> ] - [DS-1990] Missing a way to handle identifiers like DOIs in case of a deletion event - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2061">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2061</a> ] - [DS-2061] Linked (Open) Data support for DSpace - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; DS1990 is a PR to be able to use all Identifiers in Deletion events not only handles.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I need this for DS2061 we will be taking next.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; s/taking/talking about/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; pbecker meant to say: I need this for DS2061 we will be talking about next.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; mhwood was so kind to review DS1990 last week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I just wanted to talk about it today, to here if I should wait for one or two more reviews or if you think that it is ready to be merged.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; As soon as it is merged I could rebase the PR for DS-2061, make my last commit and it would be ready to go into review.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2061">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2061</a> ] - [DS-2061] Linked (Open) Data support for DSpace - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; and of course I ment hear and not here.... (ups)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: just giving the code in PR #537 a skim right now... I like that you are now caching identifiers in DSpaceObject rather than re-querying on every event.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@server112.longsightgroup.com) Quit (Quit: peterdietz)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* caravan (~caravan@Siriom-Laptop.lnec.pt) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; tdonohue: thanks. Just had to thought about the right point to reset the cache.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@server112.longsightgroup.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And, I'm noticing this only really changes Event versus UsageEvent. I'm assuming that is just that UsageEvents don't matter as much to your other code?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Changes to the model are not usage.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; true, good point</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d5153D041.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; usage = statistics (i.e. downloads), I think there are also some things like searches and workflow actions too...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; The PR is to catch a special problem that only occures with deletion events.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kdweeks (~Adium@2001:468:c80:a103:a164:ec43:83a:6468) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and, now that I look. UsageEvent just extends Event.  So, making identifiers available in Event also bubbles them up to UsageEvent should Usage Stats want the Identifiers as well: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/usage/UsageEvent.java#L22">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/usage/UsageEvent.java#L22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/UsageEvent.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/usage/UsageEvent.java#L22">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/usage/UsageEvent.java#L22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; The problem with events in case of deletion is that the objects will be removed when the event is thrown.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The issue:  deletion was destroying information which Event listeners needed, and then calling the listeners.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; For all other events it is possible to use the resource type and id to get the identifiers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; In case of deletion this is not possible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I don't imagine our events its so sophisticated to have a pre-event listener?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; peterdietz: no, its quite simple. ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, PR #537 looks/sounds reasonable to me. I haven't tested it, but it seems fine, unless anyone else has objections</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Then we would have the converse problem here:  a listener might succeed in removing information before we find out that the object cannot be destroyed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I would have pulled it already, but wanted to know if tdonohue's concerns were fully addressed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; the button is green, which means it builds and tests pass...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One tiny thing I just noticed. It looks like ONLY DOIIdentifierProvider calls "dso.resetIdentifierCache();".  Shouldn't that also be called by HandleIdentifierProvider (if handles are updated) and EZIDIdentifierProvider?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It seems slightly odd that only when DOIs are updated does the cache get reset...but, maybe I'm missing something</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Perhaps just one last thing about it: Currently we double the handle. It is part of the detail and of the identifier array. I woudln't change it for compatability reasons, but wanted to note it here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; The IdentifierServiceImpl resets the cache.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; In case of the DOIIdentifierProvider this is not sufficent as it uses asynchronous registration.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; This is not necessary for the EZIDIdentifierProvider.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, thanks for clarifying pbecker. I see it now. Nevermind :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think this PR looks fine to me then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I even added a javadoc to the IdentifierProvider interface about resetIdentifiers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; that sounds great. :-) So I'll merge it later today or tomorrow?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, please.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 yep, sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; (-:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, moving only to the other pbecker ticket: DS-2061 / DSPR#568</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/568">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/568</a> ] - DS-2061: Linked (Open) Data support for DSpace by pnbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2061">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2061</a> ] - [DS-2061] Linked (Open) Data support for DSpace - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; We talked about this once here in the meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; At the end of the week it is ready for a code review.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; The only missing thing will be an extended default configuration, but the code will be finished.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: OK, so it's not quite ready yet?  Have you chatted any further with mdiggory from @mire, since I know he was very interested in this, and @mire has done similar stuff before?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; As soon as the code is done I'll mail mdiggory.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, sounds good. Should we wait to review 2061 until next week then?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; tdonohue: we chatted a little bit beside of the last meeting we were talking about this feature.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I wanted to ask how a code review could be done as it is not a small pr.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ianthe (~ianthe@cowu.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; the diff in my thesis (were the code come froms) was about 7.000 lines.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: As it is such a big PR, it's probably good to find at least a few Committers who would be willing to pull down the PR and actually test it on their machine. If mdiggory is willing, I'd love his feedback here, as he is very knowledgable in this area.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; But it is mostly new code added to a new module named dspace-rdf. I does not touch any code in dspace-api.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; tdonohue: sounds reasonable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; So I'll finish the last things, request the code review in the jira an will mail to dspace-devel and mdiggory.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; should be done by end of this week. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; that was all from me about these two PRs. But if anyone else has questions... I could even avoid some time after the meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'd also want some basic documentation on *how* to work with this new 'dspace-rdf' project. Do we have that up somewhere?  As it could help folks who are trying to do a code review to get started</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~pbecker/Bringing+DSpace+into+the+Semantic+Web">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~pbecker/Bringing+DSpace+into+the+Semantic+Web</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Bringing DSpace into the Semantic Web - Pascal-Nicolas Becker - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~pbecker/Bringing+DSpace+into+the+Semantic+Web">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~pbecker/Bringing+DSpace+into+the+Semantic+Web</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; already prepared. ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Did Kostas and the Greek gang not do a presentation on DSpace and RDF a while back?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, OK. wanted to make sure. Thanks, pbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; As did a Finnish guy who was very keen on Linked Data</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Definitely worth making some noise on the mailing lists to see if there are any willing testers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint_: you might be right. Trying to recall myself.  I agree though that i'd be nice to email others directly who we *know* have interest in RDF with DSpace. They'd make great reviewers/testers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Were those at OR 2014?  You may be able to glean contact information from the conference site.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; It was at OR in Austin I think</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; I'll look back at the OR programmes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I know from mdiggory and Thomas Johnson. But I think someone was pointing me on Thomas Johnson in regards for a Digital Repsotories Ontology I was thinking of and not specially for DSpace and LD.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; In all case I write a mail to dspace-devel. So perhaps this even helps to find more testers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, I definitely agree we should make "noise" on the mailing lists about this. I do recall others working with DSpace + RDF in the past, but I'm blanking on the names</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: you may also want to email dspace-general...not sure if *all* these folks are on dspace-devel.  Even though technically it is a developer discussion, we probably want a broad reach here :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd *hope* that most of the folks we'd mention are on dspace-devel...but I think broadly advertising this work might be an even better way of finding testers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; tdonohue: okay, I'll make a cross post. ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds great!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and thanks pbecker for sharing all your hard work!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; It's a pleasure for me. Would be great to see this working on many repositories not only here in Berlin!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 all three lists, especially with big feature PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we need more testers, MORE TESTERS I say! :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, since it sounds like we are wrapping up with this ticket.... we'll move along now to the last one on my list for today (but it's a big one!): DS-1582 / DSPR#629</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/629">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/629</a> ] - Support Metadata On All DSpaceObjects by KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1582">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1582</a> ] - [DS-1582] All DSpaceObjects should have metadata support - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; From KevinVdV, obviously</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Got to run unfortunately, cheers all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I know we had discussed this briefly last week. Has anyone had a chance to give it a test run?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sorry to say I have not.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I haven't had the chance yet either...but I'm hoping to get to it later this week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We may ALSO wish to ask for additional testers on mailing lists for this feature too, since it's such a big and likely popular one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint_ (81d7ec36@gateway/web/freenode/ip.129.215.236.54) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I was focused on my PR. But I wanted to prepare dspace-rdf to make advantage of DS-1582 soon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1582">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1582</a> ] - [DS-1582] All DSpaceObjects should have metadata support - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; &amp; we @ at @mire are also working on a feature that makes use of the metadata for all support.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV -- can you share any more info about that "in progress" feature?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Well it is about author profiles</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Contributed by the world bank: <a href="https://openknowledge.worldbank.org/author-page?author=Abras%2C+Ana+Luisa">https://openknowledge.worldbank.org/author-page?author=Abras%2C+Ana+Luisa</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ OKR: Abras, Ana ] - <a href="https://openknowledge.worldbank.org/author-page?author=Abras%2C+Ana+Luisa">https://openknowledge.worldbank.org/author-page?author=Abras%2C+Ana+Luisa</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; This is an example of such an author profile</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, so, I'm going to send a note out about the 5.0 Release schedule, I can also incorporate a "call to testers" in that note, and mention specific PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The main reason I asked is that sometimes it's even easier to find testers if there's a "flashy feature" which depends on a backend feature (and 1582 is more "backend", which prepares for "flashy features" to come)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hpottinger +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Very nice new feature.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I would call it a “very flashy feature"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 KevinVdV. That'd be a very nice new feature...which I would definitely consider "flashy" :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; But still in the process of porting the code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any timeline on porting of that code yet? Or is it still pretty early?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; need any help? :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I’m afraid it is a bit early, by the end of next week I hope to have something</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; KevinVdV / @mire +1, that's really cool. I wonder if it conflicts with DSPACE-CRIS at all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good, KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; The help will mostly be the testing of everything</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; It will be an XMLUI only feature &amp; I believe the DSpace-CRIS is a JSPUI feature ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, Oct. 6 is the PR deadline :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, DSpace-CRIS is JSPUI only...it's almost a "fork" of DSpace itself, as it's not possible (Yet at least) to install dspace-CRIS on an existing DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; KevinVdV: do you thing it will take a lot of time to port it to the JSPUI? Is it related to your great ORCID contribution?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I do agree that DSpace-CRIS and these "Author Profiles" sound somewhat similar in nature.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; &amp; the “author profiles” feature uses 2 custom datatables &amp; metadata for all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; But more information will follow once I get everything ported</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; KevinVdV, would you consider porting docs first? Similar to how the ORCID work came in?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it's helpful to have a placard to point people to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV, sounds good. I suspect there will be a lot of interest here.  It also would be good to get a sense of what it might take to port it to JSPUI, as hopefully we'd have some folks who could try to do so quickly before 5.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I’ll also try to get some docs up soon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger +1  I agree, the earlier we can "get the word out" the better, especially if we want testers and others to possibly help port to JSPUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; But afraid I need to go now (more information on this feature will follow soon ;))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks KevinVdV!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Until next week !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d5153D041.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Back to DS-1582 (Metadata for All).  I'll try and pull it down for a quick test myself before next week's meeting.  I'd appreciate it if others could do the same... I don't think there is much of a UI on it yet, but mostly just want to make sure that nothing "breaks" and that migration of existing data seems to work fine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1582">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1582</a> ] - [DS-1582] All DSpaceObjects should have metadata support - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; a smaller, internal "bug fix" that probably ought to just be merged is DS-2125/DSPR#626, if anyone is in the testing mood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2125">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2125</a> ] - [DS-2125] NPE if Context.abort() or Context.complete() called twice - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/626">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/626</a> ] - DS-2125 Fix possible NPEs in Context object commit/complete/abort by tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other topics folks have to bring up regarding 5.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, yes..PLEASE if folks will review PR #626, I'd appreciate it. I'm waiting on a few +1's just cause this is such a central area of the code. But, I did write new Unit Tests for the Context object, and all of them succeed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; you have my +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And it looks like I already got one +1 from hpottinger. Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There is not a lot of change to review -- the bulk of it is the tests (also worthy of study).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, the bulk is new unit tests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The actual code changes themselves were just to avoid NPEs being thrown in the Context object...and I wrote some Unit Tests which initially caused those NPEs to be thrown, but now succeed.  I also went ahead and wrote some general Unit Tests, just cause the Context object had none</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Perhaps one other thing: DS-2127 is necessary to keep the DOI code working.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2127">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2127</a> ] - [DS-2127] Upgrade commons-codec to version 1.9 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; It's a really simple PR.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; DSPR#627.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/627">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/627</a> ] - DS-2127: Upgrade commons-codec to version 1.9. by pnbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: what is it waiting on then? it is a very simple PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; It may still have high impact... ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; tdonohue: so I just click the merge button?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; in this case, I think merge then test is fine, but, you know, I often think that :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* pbecker always against asking himself when to just merge an when to wait for a review.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hpottinger: sounds good in this case.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I think we should have this early.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: feel free to ask. In this case, it seems reasonable to merge this. I don't think anything is going to massively break from a version upgrade.  And we will have plenty of time to clean up minor breakages should they appear</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kohts (d4e97fba@gateway/web/freenode/ip.212.233.127.186) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; fine. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; sounds like +3 a least...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; at least, that is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; merged.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We're now into "overtime". I didn't have anything else to discuss today though.  I would appreciate more reviews on my PR# 627, as it *really is* a bug we should fix, and I personally don't see anything controversial here.  Beyond that though, I don't have any further updates/notes for today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; now, how do we convince tdonohue to do the same with DSPR#626?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/626">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/626</a> ] - DS-2125 Fix possible NPEs in Context object commit/complete/abort by tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; err...I meant #626</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: I made it clear in that PR...just waiting for one more +1.  Normally, I would have just merged PR#626, but since it generated a lot of discussion, and there was a request for more logging (which I provided in the latest commit), I'm waiting for two +1's</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Reviewing now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm just needling you, tdonohue, don't pay any attention to me, I'm crazy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, in any case, as we are now past 1 hour, I'm going to close up the meeting for today. No more official topics. I will be around for a while though, so if anything unofficial comes up, feel free to ping me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, and if anyone has additional PRs they'd like to see discussed next week, again, you are welcome to forward them my way, or just add them to next week's agenda.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; You have your second +1.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks mhwood! I'll go ahead and merge that PR then, and close the ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; merged DSPR#537 as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/537">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/537</a> ] - DS-1990: Events should contain all identifiers, not only handles. by pnbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Continuing an earlier discussion:  I see that <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/Authority+Control+of+Metadata+Values">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/Authority+Control+of+Metadata+Values</a> is Work In Progress.  "How it Works:  TODO"  That might help to explain difficulty in using it.  I wish I knew enough to flesh it out.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Authority Control of Metadata Values - DSpace 5.x Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/Authority+Control+of+Metadata+Values">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/Authority+Control+of+Metadata+Values</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caravan&gt; there is no proper documentation on it , if i get mine working ill send you a "how to" or something</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, also on my list to do today is to create a JIRA issue for improving the upgrade documentation to include a suggestion to delete the old browse indexes when upgrading to 4x or higher, and enabling Discovery... I'm wondering if we'd actually consider adding a script to do the deletion? Dare we ship a script that deletes metadata?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: that script wouldn't delete *metadata*. It'd just delete an index (which happens to be in a database table). So, yea, we probably should have such a script</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hpottinger: the index should be recreatable. Perhaps it is not with DSpace (don't know if the old core is still in place) but in theory. What I want to say: no data will be lost be deleting the old index....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oh, yes, sorry, I have an autopilot in my brain, whenever I find myself typing "data" I change it to "metadata"... but you're right, tdonohue, this is just an index</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, and pbecker is correct. that index (in the database) is recreatable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm thinking it ought to be an addditional upgrade script, you'd have to opt-in to the deletion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If it's an actual script, we'll need two:  shell and CMD.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it'll be SQL, like all the other "upgrade scripts" :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ah.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'll name it clever like "warning-desctructive-will-delete-indexes.sql"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hpottinger: don't you think this is a little bit to much warning?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; "Interesting, let's see what this does."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; just put it in the normal "upgrade" script :)  It can go in the 3.x-&gt;4.x SQL upgrade</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; it's like "I'm a red button. Hit me! Hit me!"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; tdonohue +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If they want to *disable* Discovery, then we should just include the instructions to recreate those build indexes (which happens just by running index-db script)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Doesn't it have to be optional, until we pull out the old code?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; No. Discovery was not "optional" in 4.x. It was enabled by default</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; this strikes me as quite funny, and I might just have to name it this way, mhwood is right, it needs to be opt-in, unless we are saying "no browse index, ever, for you"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; What if someone disables it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; well... I suppose I could leave the tables around...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and just empty them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; If the old code is still in place, it won't be a problem to recreate the index. IIRC we say in the update documenation to recreate search indexes...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Upon upgrading to 4.x...Discovery will be enabled by default. AFTER upgrading to 4.x, you can *choose* to disable Discovery again, in which case you simply run "index-db" to recreate those index tables</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; so we are talking about two tasks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, but it's a pretty nasty surprise to have your indexes emptied by an upgrade, if you are not going to use Discovery.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; deletion of the data inside the tables and dropping of the tables...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; why is it "nasty" to empty your indexes. You are told you need to re-index everytime you upgrade anyways</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The act of re-indexing actually *removes* those old Index tables already....so you'd be removing &amp; reindexing anyhow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; in my attempts to delete a community's worth of content, I just dropped the un-needed tables, but a "nicer" approach would be to empty the tables</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; IMHO, our upgrade to 4.x SQL script should just automatically delete those index tables.  You can easily recreate them by disabling Discovery and running 'index-db'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; the tables in question are nameed BI_*, there is also COMMUNITIES2ITEM which hangs around, it's not needed by Discovery so I dropped it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The "BI_*" tables are automanaged/created by that "index-db" script.  But, hmmmm...not sure about "Communities2Item"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; having trouble picking an "affects versions" for this new ticket, it does affect 4x, but I'm not sure I want to own up to it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it affects 4.x, likely also 3.x (as you could enable Discovery there as well)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; although, not sure if it effects 3.x actually... I don't recall if Discovery did Browse indexes back then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; dropping all the 3x versions from "affects versions" for this bug, then, no sense needlessly worrying folks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@161.130.188.139) Quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; darn plug fell out of the notebook</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, there are a couple of related bugs: DS-1619, and DS-1920</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1619">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1619</a> ] - [DS-1619] Unable to remove items after enabling SOLRBrowseDAOs - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1920">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1920</a> ] - [DS-1920] Deleting an item fails because of old browse tables - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm still making this issue, though, as it specifically calls out the problem and outlines a solution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Or, is the "right thing to do" to use an older issue?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: you were right, this should be a separate ticket, as it calls out the issue better. Just link up that new ticket with all those old, related ones</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and once it is "fixed", hopefully we can close most if not all of those old ones as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-2145</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2145">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2145</a> ] - [DS-2145] old browse index tables should be removed if you enable Discovery - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:06]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* pbecker has to leave</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; thanks for helping me with the two PRs, glad that they are merged.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caravan&gt; thanks for the assist as well , cya tomorow ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; enjoy you evening (or day)!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@server112.longsightgroup.com) Quit (Quit: peterdietz)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="http://wiki.lib.sun.ac.za/index.php/SUNScholar/Browse_Indexes/3.2#WARNING">http://wiki.lib.sun.ac.za/index.php/SUNScholar/Browse_Indexes/3.2#WARNING</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ SUNScholar/Browse Indexes/3.X - Libopedia ] - <a href="http://wiki.lib.sun.ac.za/index.php/SUNScholar/Browse_Indexes/3.2#WARNING">http://wiki.lib.sun.ac.za/index.php/SUNScholar/Browse_Indexes/3.2#WARNING</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; "known issues" make me grumbly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* caravan (~caravan@Siriom-Laptop.lnec.pt) Quit (Ping timeout: 268 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* towodo (~anonymous@30-16-206.dynamic.csail.mit.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pa__ (05ef2c78@gateway/web/freenode/ip.5.239.44.120) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pa__&gt; Does DSpace allow its admin users to add new resource type(s)? (if yes, please provide screenshot(s))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pa__ (05ef2c78@gateway/web/freenode/ip.5.239.44.120) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~anonymous@cpe-76-176-128-229.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@server112.longsightgroup.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~anonymous@cpe-76-176-128-229.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@server112.longsightgroup.com) Quit (Quit: peterdietz)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>