<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2014-03-19
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-dickson.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-dickson.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-dickson.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-dickson.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd2 (~kim@121-99-157-35.bng1.nct.orcon.net.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd2 (~kim@121-99-157-35.bng1.nct.orcon.net.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd2 (~kim@121-99-157-35.bng1.nct.orcon.net.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd2 (~kim@121-99-157-35.bng1.nct.orcon.net.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd2 (~kim@121-99-157-35.bng1.nct.orcon.net.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd2 (~kim@121-99-157-35.bng1.nct.orcon.net.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-160123.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* linux4u (~james@employed.library.emory.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* edInCo (~smuxi@seta.coalliance.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* edInCo (~smuxi@seta.coalliance.org) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* edInCo (~smuxi@seta.coalliance.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi All, our first official DSpace "Let's Talk about Features" meeting is starting now.  Agenda for today: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-03-19+-+Let%27s+Talk+About+Features">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-03-19+-+Let%27s+Talk+About+Features</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-03-19 - Let's Talk About Features - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-03-19+-+Let%27s+Talk+About+Features">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-03-19+-+Let%27s+Talk+About+Features</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As we have a lot of feature discussions that have been added to this agenda, I'm not sure if we'll get to *all* of them today. But I'm going to do my best to keep us "on time"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First feature up is "Bitstream Format-dependent streaming / pseudo-streaming" suggested by jsherman.  Some early code at DSPR#504</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/504">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/504</a> ] - Per format pseudo streaming DS-1942 by jsnshrmn</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I thought this was at 20:00 UTC.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, crud. I have my time wrong, don't I?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no wonder</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:03]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger sighs in relief</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, backlog hour, go go go</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; duh, it's 19:00UTC still, and my personal calendar is wrong</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks for the reminder, mhwood. :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I used to get confused too.  Then I stuck another xclock on my desk, set to UTC.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'll take a moment to think about new features I'd like to tackle. Perhaps Read/Write REST API is on my shortlist</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; perhaps?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; put the CUD back in CRUD</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:05]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes this "Let's talk about features" meeting will resume at the appropriate time (in about 55 mins at 20:00UTC)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oh, OK</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; over to #dspace for backlog hour?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, we can still do informal discussion or backlog review now... I'm not meaning to pause *all* discussions.  Just noting that the official meeting shouldn't begin yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sure, over to #dspace for the next 54 mins until  meeting time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Jonathan__ (596578eb@gateway/web/freenode/ip.89.101.120.235) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* monikam_ (~Monika_Me@monika.Princeton.EDU) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi All, our first official DSpace "Let's Talk about Features" meeting is starting now.  Agenda for today: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-03-19+-+Let%27s+Talk+About+Features">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-03-19+-+Let%27s+Talk+About+Features</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-03-19 - Let's Talk About Features - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-03-19+-+Let%27s+Talk+About+Features">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-03-19+-+Let%27s+Talk+About+Features</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As we have a lot of feature discussions that have been added to this agenda, I'm not sure if we'll get to *all* of them today. But I'm going to do my best to keep us "on time"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First feature up is "Bitstream Format-dependent streaming / pseudo-streaming" suggested by jsherman.  Some early code at DSPR#504</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/504">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/504</a> ] - Per format pseudo streaming DS-1942 by jsnshrmn</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I'll give you all a moment to catchup. I just pasted in a lot)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It looks like Jason Sherman isn't here today (unless he's under a pseudonym or not yet arrived).  But, as this discussion is logged, we can always pass it his way later on.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We may need to add a paragraph to our hardware requirements, if people start streaming out of the DSpace box.  First we'll need some experience to know what to say, though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, any thoughts on Jason's idea and/or early code?  I know this is of high interest, as there has been a lot of related discussions about supporting a streaming server.  Jason's idea seems to be to provide a way to do minimally "pseudo-streaming" but had a "hook" for full streaming</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; s/had/add/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; tdonohue meant to say: So, any thoughts on Jason's idea and/or early code?  I know this is of high interest, as there has been a lot of related discussions about supporting a streaming server.  Jason's idea seems to be to provide a way to do minimally "pseudo-streaming" but add a "hook" for full streaming</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* edInCo (~smuxi@seta.coalliance.org) Quit (Write error: Broken pipe)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I know that kshepherd has been digging into streaming, last I heard</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; What level of detail are we discussing here?  I have some thoughts about representing "streamability" in the database....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, kshepherd has been digging into streaming -- but he's been doing more of the full streaming (with a backend streaming server) idea.  What I like about Jason's idea here is that it *could* also possibly work for institutions that really only need/want "pseudo-streaming"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* edInCo (~smuxi@seta.coalliance.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: I think we can discuss it at any of those levels.  Since this is more than just a "concept" (it also has sample code), I think feedback on the code is also warranted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'd like to know if Jason is running this code in production</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and if so, if we can "kick the tires"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, rather than just a "streamable" flag, a URL.  "internal:" or a base URL to an external streamer.  This probably needs more thought.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="http://tinyurl.com/dspace-streaming">http://tinyurl.com/dspace-streaming</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Audio/Video Streaming (RTMP, HLS, DASH) Support - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="http://tinyurl.com/dspace-streaming">http://tinyurl.com/dspace-streaming</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: From my emails with Jason, it sounds like he is not (yet) running this in production.  He notes in the PR that it's a "work in progress"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: so you think each format needs its own URL for streaming? Not sure I understand the URL comment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think Keith Gilbertson is running a variation of this (without the "streamable" flag)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: if so, that'd be good to know. I wasn't sure if anyone was doing this pseudostreaming in production yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Just a first thought about handling "real" vs. "pseudo" streaming.  I haven't really given it enough thought, but the simple flag seemed too inflexible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I should go stare at code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: the "streamable" flag in the database isn't for "real" vs. "pseudo".  It's actually to flag which File Formats you want to make *streamable* in your DSpace.  Or at least that's my understanding</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But then you have to say elsewhere how you stream.  Perhaps, how you stream *this format*.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: but, you are correct, there may need to be a configuration (dspace.cfg) which specifies the URL / Base URL where the streaming occurs (based on whether it is real or pseudo)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It gets worse.  Someone is sure to ask:  can I make this format streamable in some collections and not others?  Can I override streamability per-Item? per-Bitstream?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jonathan__&gt; I actually had something similar</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jonathan__&gt; for restricted items</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jonathan__&gt; make the content streamable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jonathan__&gt; restricted bitstreams*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood and Jonathan__ : good points. We'd need to likely set some initial boundaries here though... I'm not sure we'd want to open up the entire "can of worms" all at once</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; link to the discussion thread about this area of the code: <a href="http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/Psuedo-video-streaming-with-item-attachment-and-seeking-enabled-td4662291.html#a4662339">http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/Psuedo-video-streaming-with-item-attachment-and-seeking-enabled-td4662291.html#a4662339</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace - Tech - Psuedo video streaming with item attachment and seeking enabled ] - <a href="http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/Psuedo-video-streaming-with-item-attachment-and-seeking-enabled-td4662291.html#a4662339">http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/Psuedo-video-streaming-with-item-attachment-and-seeking-enabled-td4662291.html#a4662339</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, I could go on making up requirements, but it would be good to hear from people who have *actual* requirements.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The requirement to allow streaming of some restricted bitstreams (so you could view but *not* download) is probably a good use case to keep in mind.  Almost makes me wonder if we need the ability to just say "make *this* Item or Bitstream streamable".  Though you wouldn't always want to specify it one-by-one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; pseudo streaming, with restricted items, you'll still end up with a file on the client after they've "viewed" the stream</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: true. pseudo-streaming won't work for restricted items/bitstreams.  For that you need full/real streaming</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I want to wrap up the discussion on this first topic as best we can.  Next steps?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; * Sounds like we want to know if anyone is using pseudo-streaming in production yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Lots of answers to "if you had this, how would *you* use it?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Rather "how would you *want to* use it?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; * Sounds like we need to gather some use cases / requirements for both pseudo-streaming and real-streaming, and start to determine the similarities and differences</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I like the idea that there's code here to test, I'd like to know more about the "nitty gritty" details</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, tdonohue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so that seems like some good initial feedback here.  I wonder, is kshepherd "leading" these streaming discussions in any way?  Perhaps we try and ping him, and also start getting use cases documented on his page, etc.?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I don't think kshepherd would mind if we used part of the "real streaming" page to talk about use cases for both real streaming and pseudo streaming</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Cause to me, it looks like we have some interesting / promising "starts" from both Jason and kshepherd.  Just a matter of more analysis of use cases to find a way forward</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; kshepherd was thinking of using Trello to manage the streaming work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jonathan__&gt; One of the problems I always had with thinking about video/audio storage is you may have it in certain formats which are great for preservation but not ideal for streaming</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Curation issue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. I can take the task of copying/linking these notes into Jason's ticket, and also trying to make kshepherd aware of this parallel "pseudo-streaming" work (if he doesn't notice all these mentions of his name in IRC)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Jonathan__: right, and do derivatives really warrant the same care we give to originals?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; You want efficient streaming, you transcode to a derivative format that makes it so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks, tdonohue, that sounds good.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In the essence of time, I suspect we need to move along here to next feature topic.  As it is, I'm doubting we'll make it through all these topics today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, the next topic is "Metadata for all DSpaceObjects" from mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; started at DSPR#486</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/486">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/486</a> ] - [DS-1582] All DSpaceObjects should have metadata support by mwoodiupui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; This is just building out the infrastructure.  I'm deliberately not changing the treatment of e.g. Collection blurbs at this time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think this concept (Metadata for all objects) in general is much needed / much desired</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I know I found a need for it.  There are some ugly lists of Community and Collection IDs that might be able to go away....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; q102 changed files -   are most of the changes sort of mechanical aka GetMetada("name") instead of GetName()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; In the dspace.cfg that is.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; My only big question here is whether there are similarities with KevinVdV's "Hibernate / Metadata on all Objects" work (<a href="https://github.com/KevinVdV/dspace-hibernate-datamodel)?">https://github.com/KevinVdV/dspace-hibernate-datamodel)?</a>  Or are these two implementations of the same thing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Much of it has been mechanical.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; wait   - how do you make these lists go away ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://github.com/KevinVdV/dspace-hibernate-datamodel">https://github.com/KevinVdV/dspace-hibernate-datamodel</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ KevinVdV/dspace-hibernate-datamodel · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/KevinVdV/dspace-hibernate-datamodel">https://github.com/KevinVdV/dspace-hibernate-datamodel</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is Kevin reworking metadata too?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: I only have a vague understanding (from discussions with Lieven at @mire), but I heard mention of data model changes to also support "metadata on all"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; monikam_:  Set a metadata value on e.g. a Collection, then look for it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: I think there is an intention to do so, I don't think he's done it yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: so, we may need to talk more with KevinVdV to understand whether there are overlaps and/or whether these two ideas can be "merged" in some way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Certainly they have to touch the storage of DSpaceObject concrete classes while redoing the database access.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; there's definitely room for collaboration, I'm glad you mentioned @mire's work, tdonohue, I kinda wish they were here to talk about it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Me too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It seems like, if we have two developer types both interested (in KevinVdV and mhwood), along with others helping do review/chip in, then we should be able to hopefully move this forward (hopefully more quickly)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; if anyone out there has an itch to play with Hibernate and DSpace, check out KevinVdV's work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, maybe what we need to do with this topic is to (1) reach out to @mire/KevinVdV about mhwood's work -- make them aware of it, and (2) find a future meeting where we can all devote more time to discussion, hopefully with both mhwood and KevinVdV in attendance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; once there is metadata on all objects - would it make sense to rework authorization as metadata - that way it would be easy to export/import</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We could look at that.  But the structure of authorization data is kind of specialized.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jsherman (a43a1787@gateway/web/freenode/ip.164.58.23.135) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Personally, I think the concepts behind both mhwood's work and KevinVdV's work are good ones.  I just would rather find a way to collaborate, rather than seemingly work in parallel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; monikam_: I'm not sure about "metadat" per se, but, Hibernate can tie in to the frameworks I'm looking at for replacing AuthN/Z</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There are layers and layers of stuff to be done on metadata handling in DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; s/metadat/metadata/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; hpottinger meant to say: monikam_: I'm not sure about "metadata" per se, but, Hibernate can tie in to the frameworks I'm looking at for replacing AuthN/Z</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; Yup - but authorization needs improvement    :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'd say we should look at what we need to do and *then* figure out how best to represent it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; apologies for tardiness</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; welcome jsherman.  Just wanted to note that we already discussed your idea (in the first 25 or so minutes).  Logs are at: <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2014-03-19">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2014-03-19</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot ] - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2014-03-19">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2014-03-19</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; monikam_: add your contact info on this page, if you're interested in helping out with AuthN/Z replacement <a href="http://tinyurl.com/dspace-replace-auth">http://tinyurl.com/dspace-replace-auth</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Replace Authentication and Authorization code in DSpace with a 3rd-party framework - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="http://tinyurl.com/dspace-replace-auth">http://tinyurl.com/dspace-replace-auth</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; jsherman: but we can always loop back to your topic maybe at the end (or post-meeting) if needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, is it time to move along to the next topic?  Sounds like with "Metadata for All Objects" we really need to get @mire / KevinVdV looped in, and figure out a way to collaborate on it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; hpottinger   ; added name - we'll see how much time I really have</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I agree.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so next feature topic: "Never prompt Site-visitors (as opposed to Content Contributors and Administrators) to login" from monikam_</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Use Case at Princeton:  We have OA content and IP restricted content that should be available to everybody or everybody on campus. We do not ever want Site Visitors to be prompted to login on the other hand we do need Administrators and Content Submitters to be redirected to our authentication system. In our case I solved the issue by changing DSPaceServlet to not try to Authenticate further inside handle-request</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; this is actually real easy in jsp -  I think</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; all you have to do is a small change</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; see <a href="http://monika.princeton.edu/~monikam/PATCH-DSPaceServlet">http://monika.princeton.edu/~monikam/PATCH-DSPaceServlet</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; sorry for the formatting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not sure I fully understand the "use case" here... I feel like I'm not sure what you mean by "Site Visitors" (is this the general public?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; yep</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; monikam_: you might consider making a PR for just the JSPUI, I'm with tdonohue, I'm not sure I understand the use case, either</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And how does it know you're a visitor without first authenticating you?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; anybody that visits the site without having a 'realtionship' with it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; we'll you have an IP</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; When does this "redirection" happen?  Are you wanting to redirect people when they access a restricted doc?  Or are you restricting access to the *entire site*?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ah, the piece I was missing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; there is GET - the ip either gives you rights or not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; if you don't have rights you get an error page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, your IP address gives you rights to the entire site? or to individual items?   I'm still slightly confused on the setup here of your DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; No - some collections are completely open</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So there's special-group magic that happens before this point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; other collections allow viewing from campus  IPS</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; the specia IP magic seems to happen when the DSPACE Conext is built</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, that would be the place.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, that makes more sense.  So you are using the IP authentication tools to let some folks have immediate access to certain collections (based on their IP address)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So, to generalize this so that it can become stock code, I think we'd need to wrap the new behavior in a configuration flag.  Some sites will want the old behavior.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; IPs from campus may see - outsiders may not  - but never prompt</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; yes I agree - something in dspace.cfg   that indicates whether  explicitAuthentication is wanted  with a default of true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; to match the old behaviour</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jonathan__&gt; Would you not need a further flag for specific collections?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jonathan__&gt; so which collections are open or not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think that is done with existing resource policies, no?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; no - the ip restrictions are set via authorizations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Collection A allows anonymous read; Collection B requires membership in the IP special group.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; in groups</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; exactly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I admit, I'm still having some issue "visualizing" the core issue/problem here.  I suspect there is one... But, I know I've been able to setup DSpace in the past with both IP-based authentication and normal password-login (for Admins, etc.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; yes - BUT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; assume there is  have IP restriction in collection A</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; jorshmo does a wget on an  item in the collection</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; since he does not come from the right ip address</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; the system will try to prompt for authemtication (if there is another mechanism in the auth stack)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; BUT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; jorshmo    really should just be told that he's not allowed to see</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, why?  What if "jorshmo" actually is an Admin.. shouldn't he be allowed to authenticate even if he's come from the wrong ip address?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; jorshmo   can always authenticate by going through the mydspace first</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I think that's my issue ... the use case seems odd to me... i think there must be a reason you want it to work this way, but I don't quite understand)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; and voila he can see</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So the issue is strictly one of when to prompt.  You're not trying to keep people out based on network topology alone.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; Yes the issue is to just be excplicit - You can't do this    instead of saying : try to login here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; So this may not be as genreallt interesting as I think -</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dietz72m1.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dietz72m1.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I have to say that I prefer the current behavior.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; Partly this was triggered  on my part because the authentication put in place - made things go in a loop - a bug in other code — so if you guys think it is not interesting for other - never mind …</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not sure I'd want it to act this way myself, I'll admit.  I prefer the current behavior just cause it's less steps for the Admins.  If they are at a wrong IP, they can still immediately get access by logging in.  However, if we change that behavior, they have to somehow know to go login *first* and then retry their request.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; could be interesting... I'd say proceed and make a PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dietz72m1.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; With the stock code, if you wget something protected, then instead of failing, wget writes a file full of login form.  Yucky.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-233-114.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I'd not stand in the way here... You are still welcome to make a PR, and we can do a wider review.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; OK - lets just settle on - I make a PR - and decision time later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I feel that this is nibbling at a larger issue, but can't quite characterize it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; the topic of the meeting is to talk about features :-) we don't have to agree on 'em :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Right, I think "make a PR" is the next step.  We can bubble up the discussion to more committers...there may be other interest or a bigger issue here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; even if it's JSPUI-only</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jonathan__&gt; On your point monika I was delving into the request a copy code to see when the request a copy page is called when a user clicks on a restricted bitstream</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. We are at 21:00 UTC.  However, there's one more "Feature Idea" from monikam_.  Are others OK with going a bit over time today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jonathan__&gt; that point in the code maybe where you would be interested in doing a change like that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm OK with going overtime</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, moving along to the last Feature Topic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "Configure Items/Collections/Communities with a Usage Agreement that is shown before Bitstreams" by monikam_</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; described at <a href="http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/show-agreement-before-responding-with-bitstream-td4671868.html">http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/show-agreement-before-responding-with-bitstream-td4671868.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace - Devel - show agreement before responding with bitstream ] - <a href="http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/show-agreement-before-responding-with-bitstream-td4671868.html">http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/show-agreement-before-responding-with-bitstream-td4671868.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; Is this feature clearer ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; this has come up around here, specific to data sets</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I have to go, but this one is clearer to me and sounds like others would be interested.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; ok not used to format yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; here links</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; <a href="http://monika.princeton.edu/~monikam/bitstream-agreement.jsp">http://monika.princeton.edu/~monikam/bitstream-agreement.jsp</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-233-114.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; <a href="http://monika.princeton.edu/~monikam/ViewAgreement.java">http://monika.princeton.edu/~monikam/ViewAgreement.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; <a href="http://monika.princeton.edu/~monikam/dspace.cfg">http://monika.princeton.edu/~monikam/dspace.cfg</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This feature sounds clearer to me.  You basically just want users to be prompted to some sort of "agreement" before the Bitstream download begins?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think it would have general appeal, though I also think that in order to enforceable one would need to involve their institution's general counsel and get their blessing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; yep -  lots of talk to administrators - lots of waiting for wording and such</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; And, I also think that you'd need to have an open and honest conversation with your content contributors about what open access means, when it comes to data sets</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; there is one feature they way it has been requested here which is a bit weird</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; there is a timeout on the agreement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; the agreement is tied to a collection</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ah, I was just going to ask where this agreement text is stored.  It's new collection metadata?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; once agreed it is good for  timeout minutes   (as long as the seesion survives)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; collection meatadata, good one, tdonohue ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; no the files under dsoace.dir/config/agreements</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; modeled after the multilungual way of doing emails</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; sounds like I do another PR - and we go from there &gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; ???</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, this idea in general sounds like it may have some general interest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree, a PR might be best.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It'd at least give something for others to respond to.  I wonder whether this specific implementation would work for everyone...but hopefully those discussions can come up around the PR itself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; that's the plan then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't know enough about what institutions would want out of such an agreement.  But, I suspect that other instutions *would* want this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds great! Thanks, monikam_ for sharing your code/ideas today!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; again this JSP -  can anybody point me to how I would do this in XMLUI ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; you don't *have* to do it for both UIs.  Oftentimes, features will be implemented in one UI by one person, and then another person will "port it" over to the other UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; there are committers who enjoy migrating features back and forth between the two UIs, we can help you once you have your PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, starting with a PR that is JSPUI specific is OK.  Then we'd review it and try to get agreement on the direction.  If agreement is achieved, chances are someone who uses the XMLUI heavily will port it over</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;monikam_&gt; thanks   -     got my todo list - gotta run</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* monikam_ (~Monika_Me@monika.Princeton.EDU) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, that's all of our feature topics for today.   But, jsherman if you are still around and have questions/comments on the IRC logs, you are more than welcome to ask now (otherwise we can discuss via JIRA ticket, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; I do, Won't take long.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; go ahead</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; in addition, if anyone has some features they are working on, or know of, shout out (but wait for jsherman to finish, obviously)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; The discussion pretty much nailed it so far.  Not using the code in production.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt;  I was imagining making pseudo-streaming useful by doing a media filter with ffmpeg or handbrake-cli</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; a curation task has been mentioned</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; Maybe tying it altogether with an embedded flowplayer?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; I'd like to get away from theme dependency</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; this is the part that might get yucky,</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; there are jquery-based players</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and we do use jquery quite a bit in both UIs already, so that might be a nice direction)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; I guess the question is: does the idea of automated offline video transcode appeal to anybody else?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I like the idea of a mediafilter to help with pseudo-streaming</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; I've done ffmpeg automation on personal project, so I could take a shot at it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In general, I like the idea of having a "very basic" pseudo-streaming option in DSpace.  I, personally, suspect that many institutions won't be able to jump at putting up a full-fledged streaming server (other than the bigger institutions). So, it'd be nice if they had a more simplistic, nearly "out-of-the-box" option</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; pseudo streaming is appealing in that it uses stuff we already have... my only problem is using up storage and preservation tools for derivatives</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; not much getting around that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (but to be clear, I still think DSpace needs to also integrate with external streaming servers -- but that'd be for the "advanced" users who want more advanced streaming options)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; for this kind of a solution for sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; I'm looking at producing at least 3 video types as derivatives</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; webm, h264, and something else.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; we've tried going down that route, we just couldn't find a combination of video player + formats that worked on all devices we wanted to support</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; one thing, transcoding is kind of a dark art, you can sometimes do a "one size fits all" approach, but, I hear you better results if you twiddle the knobs a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; yeah we did a lot of twiddling and still didn't get there, not sure if it was because our theme is too far away from HTML5</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; our sysadmins weren't too happy with having to make custom ffmpeg builds either</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; _hpottinger That is definitely true, I would need to code in lots of hints</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; and we were concerned about the extra storage space needed for the derivatives</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; so tl;dr - we're interested in this and have tried it but have given up for now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; I'd love to get access to test files</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; the really weird stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, storage space for these (larger) derivatives might be an issue for some.  We may need to "turn off" generating those derivatives by default, but make an option to easily enable them for those that want them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; *nodding*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I appreciate that you've made a PR, we actually tried just uncommenting out the byte-range request stuff last year, but commented it back out as soon as we realized it broke PDF viewing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; The more I think about the media filter, the more it makes me think the "streamable" stuff in the registry may not be necessary.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; just to dot an i here, here's one jQuery-based media viewer: <a href="http://html5-ninja.com/#/item/Bootstrap-video-player-jQuery-plugin/5">http://html5-ninja.com/#/item/Bootstrap-video-player-jQuery-plugin/5</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ HTML5 Ninja - HTML5 marketplace | Items, Themes, Templates | HTML5 Ninja ] - <a href="http://html5-ninja.com/#/item/Bootstrap-video-player-jQuery-plugin/5">http://html5-ninja.com/#/item/Bootstrap-video-player-jQuery-plugin/5</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Nice to hear though that others are playing /  have played around in this space...hoping that means that there are collaboration opportunities &amp; others who can chip in with feedback/brainstorms</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue admits to being a total novice to most everything "streaming" related...but I'm glad others are digging in and figuring some things out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; yup I would be interested in chipping in, it's definitely still on the "we're interested" list for my repositories</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; this has been really good feedback.  I'll come up with something on the media-filter front that imbeds a jquery player.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; jsherman: I'm happy to give you links to the DSpace items / video files we used for our testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd be interested as well, personally. I just need to learn more myself about what is out there, etc :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; aschweer, could I coopt youas a tester?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; great</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it would be cool if we could get the two bootstrap-based themes (JSPUI and Mirage 2) to include some media viewers, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 test files</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; jsherman: yes, happy to help test. I can probably even officially get some time for this but probably more towards the second half of the year (hope it's not too late then)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; yes, we've postponed this to after Mirage 2 thinking it might help to be closer to valid HTML5</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; I guess the only question is whether or not it makes it into ds5.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; in answer to "too late"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In terms of timeframes -- I suspect the "Feature Freeze" for DSpace 5.0 will be sometime around late Sept / early Oct.    It's not finalized yet though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; want to take a peek at Mirage2?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Mirage 2 is "supposedly" aimed for DSpace 5.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; maybe it's time to talk to Richard Rodgers again about turning the media filters into curation tasks. I built my conversion on his work in that area.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aschweer +1  That'd be nice</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="http://atmire.com/website/?q=download-mirage-2">http://atmire.com/website/?q=download-mirage-2</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Download Mirage 2 Alpha 1 | atmire ] - <a href="http://atmire.com/website/?q=download-mirage-2">http://atmire.com/website/?q=download-mirage-2</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; he has <a href="https://github.com/richardrodgers/ctask">https://github.com/richardrodgers/ctask</a> I just don't know what the status is on this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ richardrodgers/ctask · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/richardrodgers/ctask">https://github.com/richardrodgers/ctask</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The Mirage 2 preview/demo is at: <a href="https://atmire.com/preview/">https://atmire.com/preview/</a>  (hpottinger just linked the code/docs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Mirage 2 Preview Repository ] - <a href="https://atmire.com/preview/">https://atmire.com/preview/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; aschweer: mind adding your notes on your streaming work to the project page on the wiki? <a href="http://tinyurl.com/dspace-streaming">http://tinyurl.com/dspace-streaming</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Audio/Video Streaming (RTMP, HLS, DASH) Support - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="http://tinyurl.com/dspace-streaming">http://tinyurl.com/dspace-streaming</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; hpottinger: I'll try to remember to dig them up and add them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, it sounds like we've mostly "wrapped up here".  Thanks to jsherman as well for the great ideas &amp; discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; Again, apologies for my tardiness!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm going to call a close to the official meeting.  But, feel free to continue discussions as long as you wish</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; thanks, jsherman!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; No problem, jsherman. Glad you could make it and hang around a little later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Jonathan__ (596578eb@gateway/web/freenode/ip.89.101.120.235) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jsherman&gt; quit gotta go!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jsherman (a43a1787@gateway/web/freenode/ip.164.58.23.135) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-160123.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>