<span class="irc-date">[0:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd2 (~kim@47.72.37.50) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd2 (~kim@47.72.37.50) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~textual@162-231-20-67.lightspeed.clmboh.sbcglobal.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~textual@162-231-20-67.lightspeed.clmboh.sbcglobal.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~textual@server112.longsightgroup.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Meeting. Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-05-28">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-05-28</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-05-28 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-05-28">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-05-28</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As you'll probably note (if you've been paying attention)...the agenda hasn't changed much over the last few weeks.  We don't seem to have a lot of "pressing decisions/topics" right now, especially with OR14 looming around the corner</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; A small note about me @ OR14 dev meeting. I'll miss the first hour or so, due to travel itinerary. i.e. Ferry from Stockholm to Helsinki doesn't get in until 9:55a</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Speaking of OR14...I've added a rough agenda to the OR14 Dev Mtg:<a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz: good to know. thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-06-09 - OR14 Meeting - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm coming straight in from tail end of Apereo (Sakai LMS) conference in Miami FL. So instead of coming home to Columbus after Miami, I fly from Miami to Sweden.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; wow..that's quite a bit of travel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The only other Note to add here... We're still looking for DSpace 5.0 Release Team members.  I'll be asking around at OR14, but if anyone is interested in chipping in, let me know!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; heh. The full travel is: Columbus, Miami, Stockholm, ferry, Helsinki, Copenhagen, northern denmark, Copenhagen, Miami, Columbus. I don't get home until June 30th or so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; phew</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The rest of today's meeting is really "open".  But, I did want to note that we've still got 3.3 and 4.2 "looming over us"...it'd be nice to try and find a way to close those out, so we can all concentrate on 5.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and everyone can of course clear their schedules for volunteering for the 5.0 RT :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I don't know if we want to spend time looking again at 3.3 or 4.2 releases? Or do we need to call for "more support" (to dspace-commit, and at OR14)?  Seems like they are both a bit "stalled" as of yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: of course!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; re: 3.3. and 4.2, there are still "unresolved" tickets that are marked as fixed by those versions, correct?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 3.3 has two.  One is Review Needed, the other Accepted but unassigned.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes. But, arguably we could "reschedule" some (especially those scheduled for 4.2...as there are several tickets which are assigned but "stalled")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 3.3 tickets: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11841">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11841</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace: 3.3 - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11841">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11841</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 4.2 tickets: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11840">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11840</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace: 4.2 - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11840">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11840</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: regarding DS-1961. The code change looks fine. As long as it's been tested &amp; works, I say commit it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1961">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1961</a> ] - [DS-1961] Use HTTPS with oss.sonatype.org repository - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yeah, it's been there a week, and nobody has said, "waitaminute, we can't use HTTPS because...."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and the only other 3.3 scheduled ticket is DS-2013.  Has a PR, but is untested.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2013">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2013</a> ] - [DS-2013] JSPUI with Oracle DB - Browse items with THUMBNAILS unimplemented - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I should probably take that one as well.  I keep an Oracle XE instance around for testing things like that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; go for it. That'd be the last barrier before a 3.3 release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Got it.  Writing a reminder.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And I'd rather just do a 3.3 soon to get it done.  Honestly it was mostly necessary for one bug fix (the Handles with periods fix that went into 4.1)...we don't need to backport *every* fix to 3.3</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* monikam_ (~Monika_Me@monika.Princeton.EDU) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (for the record, the "Handles with periods" fix was DS-1536...that was a major bug which is one of the reasons we decided to backport in the first place)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1536">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1536</a> ] - [DS-1536] having a DOT in handle prefix causes identifier.uri to be cut off when being created - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, I'll stop taking 3.3 fixes (after these) and get it out the door.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's on my reminder.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Regarding 4.2...I honestly think we should consider something similar... make a push to either "reschedule" or quickly fix anything outstanding.  There's enough annoying bugs fixed in 4.2 to already probably warrant it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 2013 is also set for 4.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yep, it is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; as is 1961</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Noted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and DS-1958</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1958">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1958</a> ] - [DS-1958] Discovery OutOfMemoryError when indexing Large Bitstreams - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 1958 is closed, pulled to all 3.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; awesome!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; scanning now the 4.2 "unresolved" tickets....  looks like hpottinger has three (DS-1906, DS-1805, DS-1919).   mhwood has three (2013, 1961, DS-1943)... many of the others seem "stalled"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1906">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1906</a> ] - [DS-1906] Shibboleth attributes may need to be reconverted - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1805">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1805</a> ] - [DS-1805] Maven filtering broken for SOLR artifact - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1919">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1919</a> ] - [DS-1919] Solr Search Empty FilterQuery bug - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1943">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1943</a> ] - [DS-1943] Language Selection _ Turkish Option - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Many of the others also possibly could be rescheduled (we've pinged helix84 on a few, with no response...and also pinged abollini on a few, with no response)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, that's really all to say that 4.2 could be pushed out relatively quickly (though I'm guessing it might be post-OR14 at this point)... it's "mostly done"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ds-1943 was marked 4.2 only, but it really should be carried forward, so I added 5.0.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, at this point, not sure there's much more to say about 4.2.  Just would be good to close it out after OR14</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The rest of this meeting is really just "Open Discussion".  I had added a few questions myself which I could pose...but we can discuss whatever.  My questions were:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1) Is there anything we should try and get discussed at OR14, esp. the Dev Mtg?  Any topics folks want me to bring up?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2) Anyone have anything else they want to mention they are working on for 5.0?  I'm giving the DSpace Roadmap talk at OR14...so for the only "major" features I'm mentioning as "possible for 5.0" are Mirage 2, ORCID integration, and REST API improvements (perhaps R/W)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I think that Hardy should make another call for volunteers for the DSpace 5 RT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, listen up, I think some of you need to sign up to be on the DSpace 5 RT, so, like, volunteer, OK?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I could make a DSpace 5 Release Team call at the OR14 Dev Mtg....Hardy won't be in Helsinki</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I want to get back to work on boosting metadata support up to DSpaceObject.  I haven't given up on having something for 5.0, understanding that it'll need time for folks to study and test.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I would be excited to be a volunteer for the DSpace 5 Release Team</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 metadata for all in 5.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; woah, wait</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yay, PeterDietz!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thank you PeterDietz.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz: cool, we'll sign you up!  I'm assuming Longsight is cool with that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; yeah, I just chatted with Sam Ottenhoff, Longsight also contributes to the Sakai project, so this is already paved path.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; awesome! welcome aboard!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll do an additional call for volunteers at the OR14 Dev Mtg, and likely pester a few more folks at OR14.  I think we still want to try and have at least 3-4 folks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yes, lots of room at the RT table</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I don't personal/Longsightly have a solid use-case for for DSpace REST (Create, Update, Delete) yet, so I don't have any guarantee's of what I'll be able to add to that in the short term.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; BTW there is a "tracking" PR for Ds-1582 (metadata for all) -- it's not ready to pull yet, but work to date is visible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz: Ok. I'll be "vague" about REST Updates...I suspect there will be some anyhow...but I'll avoid mentioning Read/Write, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Anyone who wants to see the CUD put back into CRUD should chat with PeterDietz out of band</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Needs more chewing, eh?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; probably</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I am however, very keen to try to make DSpace a much easier system for a repository manager, who doesn't have access to SSH, i.e. they should be able to do much more self-service, without having to call IT.. So, if that effort coincides with REST, then bonus.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; can't wait to see what those developments look like, because that's exactly where I think the vision people say we need to go</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz ++  I think anything that went in that general direction would actually be a huge feature for 5.0 (or beyond), whether or not it has anything to do with REST</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; A starting point would be a clear description of what belongs to a repo manager, what to the sysadmin.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I also live and breath in a DSpace multi-site world. i.e. managing 30+ distinct configs, Messages.properties, messages.xml, themes, etc. So, figuring out where to fix things there, either in a bash script magic, or actually building some overrides. Similar to how others might need to have distinct Prod, Staging, Dev environments perhaps</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger stage-whispers "continuous delivery"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There were 4 main "unmet" needs which bubbled up to the top of the DSpace Vision Survey results (from March) -- 3 of 4 had to do with (Admin) UI stuff.... (1) Batch Deposit from UI, (2) Enhanced Relationships between objects (e.g. Author objects), (3) Configs in Admin UI, (4) Basic Branding from Admin UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; hmm. I would have to push back on the branding from the UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; just a point of note...that enhancing the Admin UI is of high interest to pretty much everyone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Batch deposit isn't strictly administrative.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: true..that's general UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz: in my mind, "basic branding from Admin UI" is simply...here's a logo for my header, here's the main colors I want to use...that's it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I predict that the definition of "basic" will expand at an amazing rate....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (but, I do agree, "branding from the UI" can be a bit of a can of worms)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I would be more interested in having a collection-db-setting that lets you choose which theme gets applied to it, stop there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Then you can have a mysite theme, and a mysite-gallery theme</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, the current approach works but is icky IMHO.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I think the metadata fields which display in simple-item-view could be made configurable per collection (db setting)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So if Collection had an administrative metadata field for this...?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'd settle for configurable via some interface at all, other than manual coding</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; As usual, just when things get interesting I have to go.  Thanks, all!  'bye!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Regarding branding from AdminUI, Mirage2 has been pretty good, to get out a very clean looking site i.e. <a href="https://dspace.smith.edu/">https://dspace.smith.edu/</a> and <a href="https://arcticcouncil.longsight.com/">https://arcticcouncil.longsight.com/</a>     That might work, if you accept some basic 3 color scheme + logo, but for each site, we've typically had to add something extra, i.e. 2 dominant colors, the third color is less present</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Home ] - <a href="https://dspace.smith.edu/">https://dspace.smith.edu/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ AC Archive Home ] - <a href="https://arcticcouncil.longsight.com/">https://arcticcouncil.longsight.com/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yep, Mirage 2 could help with some of that.  Admittedly though, "Basic branding" was the lowest rated of those four....so, in order they were (1) Batch Deposit from UI, (2) Enhanced Relationships between objs, (3) Configs in AdminUI, (4) Basic Branding</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Really, I was just wanting to show that the Community seems to be wanting to move more things from "backend" scripts/configs (Batch Deposit, Configs, Branding) to UI functionality, where possible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, that's in a similar direction to what PeterDietz mentioned...wanting to avoid having people need to SSH into servers for simple stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue is noticing we're a bit over time here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it makes sense, let lets you free up a scarce resource (dev time), developers have no place in a content workflow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I planned to bring this up a bit at OR14 too, during the DevMtg.  Essentially, the findings of the Survey seem to be stating this trend in general...that we've got some good tools, but the UI functionality is lacking in some areas..  So, going forward we'll want to find ways to enhance some of this in the UI, and bring more functionality up to the level of the UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, unfortunately I need to step away here shortly. So, it's probably about time to close up the meeting for today... I'll be lurking a bit, but have a few things yet to get done today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; FYI...the general, high level survey analysis is up on this page: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Product+Plan">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Product+Plan</a> ... I'm creating some more fancy charts in slides that'll be at OR14 too..but the basic stuff is on that wiki page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Product Plan - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Product+Plan">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Product+Plan</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* monikam_ (~Monika_Me@monika.Princeton.EDU) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~textual@server112.longsightgroup.com) Quit (Quit: My MacBook Pro has gone to sleep. ZZZzzzâ€¦)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Later, taterz!)</span><br />
