<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2015-02-04
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lyncodev (5ad17e1c@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.90.209.126.28) Quit (Quit: <a href="http://www.kiwiirc.com/">http://www.kiwiirc.com/</a> - A hand crafted IRC client)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hitchcock.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hitchcock.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hitchcock.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hitchcock.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lyncodev (c24b26fa@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.194.75.38.250) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lyncodev (c24b26fa@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.194.75.38.250) Quit (Quit: <a href="http://www.kiwiirc.com/">http://www.kiwiirc.com/</a> - A hand crafted IRC client)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lyncodev (c24b26fa@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.194.75.38.250) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Disconnected.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:12]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:12]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:12]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:12]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; rebooted DuraLogBot, so now we are back to "logging". Let's restart briefly from the beginning</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome. It's 20UTC, and time for our weekly DSpace Developers Mtg.  Today's agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-02-04">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-02-04</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2015-02-04 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-02-04">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-02-04</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, as also mentioned, we are a small group today, but hopefully we have enough active folks even though we are smaller in numbers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger is throwing rocks at some people on IM</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; To start with today, I first wanted to send out a reminder about the Open Repositories 2015 proposal deadline.  It's THIS FRIDAY (Feb 6).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="http://www.or2015.net/">http://www.or2015.net/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ OPEN REPOSITORIES 2015 | June 8-11, 2015, Indianapolis, Indiana, USA ] - <a href="http://www.or2015.net/">http://www.or2015.net/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-76-176-128-229.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Obviously, it'd be great to have folks submit proposals for OR15 on any/all of the following:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; * Cool things you are doing / working on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; * Cool things you built or helped build in DSpace 5.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; * DSpace 5.0 features in general, as obviously it'd be great to do some big promotion of this release at OR15</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger already put in a submission, and is helping with another</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; which brings me to the question, is anyone interested in doing a general talk on "DSpace 5.0 - What's new &amp; exciting"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I currently plan to put in a proposal for "DSpace Roadmap", which may touch very briefly on 5.0, but likely won't get into great detail on any specific features.  So, it'd be nice to either get a general 5.0 talk as well, or have individual talks on specific "big features"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I know somebody really wants to do the ceremonial reading of the changelog, yeah? It's good fun.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'll do it (again) if no one else wants to, but I don't know why you wouldn't</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we do tend to have a talk highlighting the last release, most years. That's the only reason I felt it worth asking about.  If no one steps forward now, rest assured the DSpace Interest Group Planning Committee (of which I am a member) may pester one or more of you into it later on ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Fair enough.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hpottinger thatâ€™ll only be fun if its done in latin and they where a hat like the pope.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I'm not going to be at OR15, so I wouldn't want to steal anyone's thunder. Though I'll probably be needing to make some 5.x marketing materials.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; sounds to me like mdiggory has some costume ideas, let's give him the job</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: if you are willing, by all means.  It's usually a fun talk and mostly "writes itself"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Merlin and King Arthur discuss asset preservation in DSpace 5</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I've done it, and I'm already there for a poster (if it gets accepted) and a panel (if it gets accepted)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; adding another session, and I may not survive</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (~kim@ec2-184-73-177-234.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; kshepherd: need an excuse to get to OR15?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hm, maybe. didn't submit anything</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I guess I'm just wondering who will submit a proposal for a talk on DSpace 5.  If no one is going to, I may put in a placeholder with a "speaker to be named later"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; kshepherd: want to do the ceremonial reading of the changelog?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; heh if i'm there, sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; look, look, we have an actual volunteer!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i thought we could also do some pre-conf canvassing of the dspace community prior to the OR dev challenge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; to help get some cool and maybe non-standard DSpace ideas into the mix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 dev challenge, I wanna play this year</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and commit dcd243 beget cde143 which beget 524daf  ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; it definitely helps dev challenge teams to have a big pool of ideas and dreams from users, other devs, non-devs, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to some cool dev challenge stuff and or pre-canvassing.  We do of course have a list of some "ideas" in the "use cases" work, but those may be less "dreams" and more "practical"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Use+Cases">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Use+Cases</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: heh, i wonder if there's a cool visualisation that could show contributions and contributors. i could look at that if youw ant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Use Cases - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Use+Cases">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Use+Cases</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; kshepherd: I can help with the abstract for the "what's new with DSpace 5.0" talk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: good point re: use cases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, are hpottinger &amp; kshepherd collaborating on a "What's new with DSpace 5" proposal?  Just wanting to ensure we get something in prior to OR deadlines, obviously</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i can say yes to that, but i can't guarantee i'll be there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yeah, OK, I'll be the backup</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, as long a we get the proposal in, I think we can always swap out speakers willy-nilly as needed ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i thought deadline was 30 jan, was it extended?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yep, it always is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, deadline was extended until this Friday (Feb 6)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (i'm on annual leave unti feb 27, not keeping up with work stuff as much right now)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also on the topic of OR15... you may (or may not) have noticed that the conference is *shorter* this year. It's just 4 days (M-Th) instead of the usual 5.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; kshepherd: I have the copy of the proposal I wrote for the DSpace 4 talk in PEI, as well as Robin Taylor's proposal for the DSpace 3 talk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Because of that, meetings (like our normal OR Committers/Developers Meeting) are being scheduled up against *workshops &amp; tutorials*.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I *will* be putting in a proposal to have an DSpace Committers/Developers/DCAT meeting at OR15...but it likely would directly conflict with workshops &amp; tutorials on the Monday prior to the conference.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I just wanted to make everyone aware of this. It's not ideal, but it's either we work with that possible conflict, or we don't have our yearly face-to-face meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any other OR15 topics, thoughts, questions?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; /m/me is back</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I would recommend the possibility of it being in the evening and involving some libation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; maybe we could have committer meeting at a pub after the day events ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kshepherd++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha, well, that is another option. It gives us less time to talk more *formally* though, if we just have a meeting in the evening at a pub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; aschweer is, I think, working on a workshop proposal, yes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; ++ less formal speaking</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; hpottinger: um for a loose definition of "working"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The question is, do we want to have a formal Committers Meeting at OR15 (if so, it likely will conflict with workshops), or do we have a less formal "meetup" (over dinner &amp; drinks or similar)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; well, aschweer, the timing of the dev meeting is up for discussion right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; hpottinger: I was wondering about the timing; I could propose mine for the DSIG part instead, the CfP for DSIG looks like they'll be ok with various formats</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; yup I saw in the logs, thanks :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thoughts? Would we rather hold several DSpace workshops/tutorials (in which case, we're all likely "busy" on workshop day) and forgo the formal meeting?  Or do you want me to put in a proposal for a couple hour Developers/DCAT meeting?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I have wondered about the format of the dev meeting at OR in the past. It feels like it was more "community meets committers" in the past. Not wanting to cut the community out, but I think it would be useful for the committers to talk things through as well. Obviously keeping in mind that not everyone is at OR (I don't know whether I'll be)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; committers + DCAT sounds useful too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In the past few years, the "Developer Meeting" has morphed into more of a "Developer + Committers + DCAT + anyone who wants to come" meeting/brainstorm session</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It often *does* seem useful to get feedback or share "works in progress" amongst members of the Community, and also get DCAT &amp; Committers in the same room.... but, admittedly, with limited time for OR15 this year, we could try something different</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (which is why I'm interested in your feedback on whether this OR Developer Meeting is still *useful*, or if we try something new for OR15)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; the addition of libations would be nice, but I think we'd miss the projector</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Lots of tablecloths, though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; if we went for libations &amp; talking over dinner, I expect we'd still get a lot of folks in the same room, but the discussions would obviously break up into smaller groups (which has both advantages and disadvantages)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; true, post-it pads on the walls would work. MHwood, is there a venue you'd recommend?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The trouble with being from Indy is I actually don't know my own downtown that well.  I'll ask around.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; What's happening with the dev part of OR, wasn't there going to be a new track? Is that a space for sharing work in progress type stuff?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, there will be a new dev track at OR.... <a href="http://www.or2015.net/developer-track/">http://www.or2015.net/developer-track/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Developer Track at OR2015 | OPEN REPOSITORIES 2015 ] - <a href="http://www.or2015.net/developer-track/">http://www.or2015.net/developer-track/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It is focused on "sharing" work in progress, etc...much more info there.  And I'd HIGHLY encourage you all to submit things to that Dev Track</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Longsight had a "dev camp" in Indy in December. We rented a room in the Hyatt Regency. I think renting a whiteboard would be $500/day</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; oooh, I had missed completely that it has a separate deadline</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There's also the 24x7 talks, which are short &amp; sweet and also often "works in progress"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, the Dev Track sessions are due *March 13*.  So there's much longer to submit Dev Track ideas</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; sweet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd has to run off to the supermarket now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; bye all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bye, kshepherd...enjoy your shopping</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; The top floor of Hyatt regency, is circular, and the room actually spins in a circle, thus, over the course of your dinner, you see every angle of the city a few times. (We had a someone with us acrophobia, so no team dining up there)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it sounds like we're a little "undecided" on the idea of a formal Developers Meeting at OR15?  Or at least that's what I'm gathering from this discussion.   I guess I can always ask this same question more broadly on Committers list, DCAT, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We definitely *at least* want a "meetup" at some point. Just not certain on the formal meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I agree, it's worthwhile to meet, venue doesn't much matter, but we do need a way to focus on one person talking and then discussions, and probably need a white board</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: that sounds like a "formal meeting" to me. I don't see how we could do a "one person talking" thing at a pub, without finding funding to rent out a larger room, etc :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And walking around downtown with a whiteboard under one arm is bound to cause comment.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think if we moved to have a "pub meetup", it'd literally be..."everyone meet up at this location, we'll try to sit near each other, but honestly no guarantees"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That sounds about right.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I don't see how that would lead to any business getting done, but, perhaps we don't actually need to conduct any business?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If we want to have a real group discussion, that'd require a formal meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Each year, I think we wonder whether there's any "business" and then realize there's more than enough to talk about ;)   This year, I suspect the main business will be "Where do we go from here with DSpace?" given we have a Steering Committee, and all that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Speaking of which, this segues into a topic I forgot to add to today's Agenda</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I must be insane, why would I sign up for yet another thing, but, thoughts on a live demo of Vagrant-DSpace as part of the OR15 dev track?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: I think we certainly need to consider the middle ground between steering and developers, my thoughts are that this is where this meeting might be of some importance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: I agree...wassn't implying Steering Group members would be at this meeting, they likely would not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I just meant that Steering Group now has some "ideas" on where they'd like to see DSpace move, and this meeting might be a good opportunity to dig into those further</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The topic I neglected to add to today's meeting was just that... The Steering Group had a meeting earlier today.  There are now plans in place to develop a *rough draft* RoadMap / Product Plan *prior to* OR15, which will be presented there for Community feedback</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; tdonohue: I agree this would be good to have. But this is sounding like "not at a pub" to me. (Totally agree that a committers' / DCAT pub "session" would be good though.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Where has the Technical Advisory group lead to in this regard?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue is realizing this does sound more and more like "not at a pub" now...my brain was slow to get around to all this ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The "Technical Advisory Group" and the "Product Planning Group" (brainstormed at OR14, last year) have never been fully formed, and we may actually move forward without those groups, as they may not be necessary.... "Technical Advisory" will be the Committers, and Product Planning will be DCAT + Committers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It will be good to know what the SG thinks is important.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The main point that came out of todays meeting (and in past SG meetings) is this:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (1) DSpace really needs a true RoadMap / Product Plan, and we need something quickly so we can start making steps towards implementing the Use Cases brainstormed by DCAT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (2) We were unable to obtain enough funds to hire a full-time Product Manager (like Fedora has, for example), so the SG wants to move forward with a "part time" Consultant in that role in the coming months.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Many of the use cases came from the Technical Advisory group (and a combination of Commiters and DCAT was present)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (3) As of today, it was just decided that James Evans (from Open Repository) will act as that "part time" Consultant (in a Product Manager-like role). He's going to work with DCAT &amp; Committers (and SG) to start to draft up a possible Product Plan for DSpace.  The goal is to draft it by mid-April, so that SG can review prior to OR15.  Then, at OR15, we'd hopefully have a better "draft" plan to submit for community feedback</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we likely *do* want to have a formal meeting of DCAT &amp; Committers, simply to discuss whatever "Product Plan" is established by that point, and brainstorm any ways it might need improving/enhancing, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Whether it can be done...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I fully anticipate that the Product Plan built in time for OR15 will be more "high level".  There will need to be some "bringing it down" a few levels and looking at technologies, etc. that we (the Committers) will need to help make happen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I still feel there needs to be a clearer organization around this DCAT+Commiters entity and some transparency on how information/discission making is going back and forth between the Steering group, the Product manager and the community.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lyncodev (5ad17e1c@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.90.209.126.28) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think there was a notion that the steering group would "steer" by way of marshaling resources? Is that still the case?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; My view is that Duraspace is getting organized / busy, which is a good thing. How will DCAT and the Commiters participate in this seems to be our responsiblity to organize</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; That where I thought the Technical Advisory group was going to lead.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (~kim@ec2-184-73-177-234.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Quit: Lost terminal)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: The reality here is that this decision was just made 1 hour ago :)  I suspect there will be some more "organizing" of DCAT &amp; Committer participation coming up... Some of that will be setup when James gets started (and he's already in touch with myself and Bram/Maureen of DCAT).   We still have the opportunity to "form" a informal team here of DCAT &amp; Committers both</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, the reality also is *we need to move very fast* in order to hope to have anything ready for OR15</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Too large of a group will be too hard to convene quickly enough.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I do agree completely that we need to make sure James gets plenty of feedback directly with DCAT &amp; Committers (or even subsets of both), so I'll talk more with him about this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And to get back to hpottinger's point..yea, the Steering Group is merely "steering" here by "asking the tough questions" (e.g. the "why do we have 2 UIs still?" question), and pointing out gaps. They also have their own resources they can "marshal" (i.e. their own developers) to help get things done</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; What, specifically, needs doing by technical people right now?  If we just start doing it, we're leading.  We just need to make sure that we are doing stuff that is valued, and that the people who value it notice that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; one of the *specific* things we can do, is work on the 2 UI problem (which is exactly why I brought it up).  It's a huge elephant in the room, and makes a Product Plan twice as hard to create</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; IMHO, our having 2 UIs has been a bit of a "roadblock" for some time...it's hard to plan out a long term roadmap when we are split down the middle (in the community &amp; Committers) about which UI to do it with</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; oh, I thought the Product Plan would be more around areas of functionality / use cases, in which case the UIs don't really matter. Quite the contrary, making it clear which functionality is a part of the core thing might help us make good decisions around the UIs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But that's not really a technical decision.  We have two good UIs, and several good proposals for more.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, so, pub is out, we need a room</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think this is why the decision is so hard:  it has to be decided on nontechnical issues.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I tend to agree with aschweer in regards to the roadmap.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Definitely, decluttering the UI code will help a lot of things.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I tend to agree with tdonohue about our role in clarifying the technical issues, such as the 2 UI issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Getting a good grip on boundaries between presentation and operation will help.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 21UTC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; while it is true that a Product Plan doesn't rely on a UI decision, it becomes very difficult to "bring it down a level" *until* UI issue is resolve.  So, you were right to point out I mistated things.. The Product Plan and 2 UI problem are not directly dependent on one another</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, we don't really have any other technical decisions to make *until* we have a high-level Product Plan.  In the meantime, we *know* we have a 2 UI problem, which we can start to brainstorm a resolution to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (does that make more sense?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; List XMLUI, JSPUI, and the newer proposals, roll a D20 and go with that one. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue is sorry for running long on this meeting...not wanting to cut off this discussion though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; tdonohue: it does, but it feels like we might make decisions now that then won't work with the product plan. Eg, submission steps and review workflow. These won't work too well with REST IMHO, they might need something like Spring Web Flow. Are they a part of the core deal? How modular / customisable do we want these to be? These are questions I'd like to see answered in the Product Plan.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; (sorry for not weighing in on the 2 UI discussion earlier, I have a lot on my plate at the moment)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think the roadmap and the required user stories inform the requirements for the UI going forward</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The reason the "Technical Advisory Team" has sorta disappeared (and mdiggory was a member) is that we are faced by a lot of higher level decisions right now.  We really need a Product Plan, and then work to bring that down to a technical level</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; mdiggory++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think I disagree.  The product plan would say something like "we need to keep the workflow and extend it", and then technical advice is needed on how best to implement that.  Which will affect our choice of frameworks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 aschweer &amp; mdiggory - I'm not disagreeing. I'm NOT arguing that we can *decide* on a new UI before a product plan. I'm stating that we can start to decide *we need ONE UI*, and we can begin trying out options (which may or may not "mesh" with the Product Plan)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think we are in agreement, actually.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; oh right tdonoue, I hadn't understood it that way :) Yes we are mostly in agreement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If we commit to ONE UI, without knowing which one, then what we can do now is start working out how to push the other out into a more separate project.  Because we know we won't actually be able to delete one (or both) of the UIs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The point of the "Brainstorms on a future UI* was to (1) First make sure we all agree that *ONE UI* is the way to go forward, and (2) start to brainstorm options for what *might* be a good fit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Brainstorms+on+a+Future+UI">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Brainstorms+on+a+Future+UI</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Brainstorms on a Future UI - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Brainstorms+on+a+Future+UI">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Brainstorms+on+a+Future+UI</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I personally don't have much time to try out options, I appreciate the situation may be different for others. So to me it feels like we might waste time trying things out that then won't work with the PRoduct Plan.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think there's been substantial agreement for some time that one UI is the way to go.  The disagreement is around which one. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I still think that knowing what we're aiming for (=Product Plan) might help us figure out what to go for. At the moment I can't say "yes let's go REST + JS all the way", for example, because I don't know whether REST will be suitable for all use cases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: say something like "we need to keep the workflow and extend it" is the type of requirements that inform making technology decisions for the UI, if its easier to do REST without workflow then that kinda excludes moving that functionality into REST</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; Depending on use cases, it may need to be REST + something else, and is that 2 UIs again already?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aschweer: yea, the "trying out UI options" may not happen as much prior to OR15, time permitting.... But, we can already start to learn "what folks have used before", and start to gage opinions on various frameworks.  I also admit this tends to be a busy time of year for that sort of thing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I do think we need to beware of the consensus trap, I don't think there is any to be found here, except with a "third way", a new UI, but it will likely take a core group sprinting towards making it to actually get us to a point where we can disucss it as an option.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aschweer: I completely agree with that statement (Product plan leads to "where to go" with a UI).  The Brainstorms page is literally meant as a "let's lay all options on the table, and then we'll start to narrow things down" (as the Product Plan comes)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; hpottinger: I agree. And that's my worry, if someone starts sprinting now before we have the product plan, will the product plan guide things? Or will what's in the sprint override the Product Plan?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue doesn't think *anyone* is going to start sprinting on a new UI.  It's all brainstorms, and even I don't have time to "sprint" on this stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think the product plan is just going to clarify the features of DSpace that are important tot he community. And that is probibly not technology specific.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The reality here is that, while we've *started* brainstorming a new UI, there is unlikely to be any actual movement/development on such anytime before the rough Product Plan (expected in April timeframe)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; tdonohue: if it's just collecting ideas at this point, I'm not worried. But some of the discussion seems already to have gone towards eliminating some options (maybe I just got that wrong, haven't had much time to follow the discussion), and that feels wrong with the product plan still to come</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aschweer: I see it more as "strong opinions" in some areas, but I get your point. I haven't actually removed anything from that table of options, so it's all still "on the table" as possiblities</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; a sprint may lead some folks down a wrong path, but testing paths is a necessary step in the decision making process.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We certainly do need to know what we're expected to do before making detailed plans of how to do it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: are you bringing the 2UI problem to any talks at OR?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory ++  we definitely need testing of UI options at some point...likely post-Product Plan. I wouldn't want to "jump" to anything new (if that's the decision) without some testing/prototyping</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: I will be submitting a general "DSpace Roadmap &amp; Planning" discussion/talk for the "DSpace Interest Group" sessions at OR15.  It's going to be recommended at 1 hour long, and the speakers will be TBD, as it may include folks talking on this Product Plan, etc.  I'd expect that might also be the best place to talk about the 2 UI problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Heh, I just realized something.  When we adopted XMLUI, it's kind of like we forked DSpace, but (mostly) the same people are working on both forks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (so, it's really more of a "placeholder" for a talk-to-be-named later, based on this upcoming Product Plan)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yep, it is a bit of a "fork" in some ways</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue realizes we are well "over time" here today.  But, I don't want to close this out until there are no further pressing concerns/questions.  Anything others?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I've got to run, sorry</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: what happened with the xmlui was that a decision was blocked to drop jspui in the process, reminds me of the process where we end up with lots of different window managers in Linuxâ€¦</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.  The community couldn't reach a consensus, and split.  Except that we all still work together.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; is having alot of different window managers good for linux? most distributions and forks seem to happen primarily on the topic of window management alone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One last note, I didn't recognize the point about the "consensus trap".  Yes, thanks for bringing that up, hpottinger.  It may very well be that we'll never achieve a full "consensus" in this area, which actually is OK with me.  But, it may mean that we'll essentially "split" the UI support groups into separate committer teams (rather than all in one team)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is lots of window managers good for Linux?  It's probably neutral.  Is it good for *me*?  Well, it means I get to go on using FVWM, so yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, it sounds like we *definitely* all want a Developers/DCAT meeting at OR15. I'll get a proposal in for one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yeah, I think the best we can hope for is finding a good way, and bring along as many people as we can</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thank you tdonohue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: I think the concensus trap is what got us here in the first place.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thank you tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, anyone know anything about this new dev track at OR?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; there seems to be a place to upload a file, but I have no idea what one would upload for a "live demo"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; perhaps a promisory note?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm guessing one page summary, like a poster or a 24x7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sorry, got pulled away for a moment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: I think it's the same sort of one page summary...describe the talk, demo, or whatever</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It's a brand new track though, so I don't know that they actually have anything specific "planned" for what to submit. I'd assume adding description of the talk, links to code/demo stuff, etc. would all be very relevant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lyncodev (5ad17e1c@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.90.209.126.28) Quit (Quit: <a href="http://www.kiwiirc.com/">http://www.kiwiirc.com/</a> - A hand crafted IRC client)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: I gave DSPR#857 a +1, waiting for one more</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/857">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/857</a> ] - Fix DS-2427 for 5.1 by consolidating problematic schema code into DatabaseUtils... by tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; as it looks like we've wrapped up discussions here, I'll formally "close" out the DevMtg (in case you are still hanging around for that).  I'll still be around though, just switching over to #dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; gotta run, it's snowing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162188.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lyncodev (5ad17e1c@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.90.209.126.28) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>