<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2015-07-15
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[3:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods_ (~awoods@c-67-174-123-122.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-174-123-122.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 250 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods__ (~awoods@c-67-174-123-122.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods_ (~awoods@c-67-174-123-122.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods_ (~awoods@c-67-174-123-122.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods__ (~awoods@c-67-174-123-122.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 255 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Carlos (~ccordovas@pc-196-42-46-190.cm.vtr.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Carlos is now known as Guest90748</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Guest90748 (~ccordovas@pc-196-42-46-190.cm.vtr.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kimiora (~kim@163.47.220.181) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vtwjetyjrvmteyob) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods__ (~awoods@c-67-174-123-122.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods_ (~awoods@c-67-174-123-122.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 244 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods_ (~awoods@c-67-174-123-122.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods__ (~awoods@c-67-174-123-122.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 255 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vtwjetyjrvmteyob) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods_ is now known as awoods</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-73-45-154-218.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mvhplrnxwzqbhnpr) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; REMINDER: DSpace DevMtg starts at the top of the hour (~7mins) here.  Agenda for today: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-07-15">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-07-15</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2015-07-15 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-07-15">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-07-15</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Mtg: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-07-15">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-07-15</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2015-07-15 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-07-15">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-07-15</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The primary topic for today is obviously the 5.3 release.  We are zeroing in on a "ready release", and (as you may have noticed), I've just gone in myself and merged some approved PRs this morning</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Still, here is our list of outstanding PRs which are currently flagged for possible inclusion in 5.3: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/milestones/5.3">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/milestones/5.3</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issues · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/milestones/5.3">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/milestones/5.3</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There's only 5 left here, and there's a 2-3 more in that list that likely could be merged very soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The highest priority (and the last of the "must haves" for 5.3) is DSPR#982</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/982">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/982</a> ] - DS-2593 : Ensure a &amp;quot;tombstone&amp;quot; is left for withdrawn items in OAI-PMH. Fix other minor, obvious OAI bugs. by tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This one has general approval, but kshepherd had a few minor suggestions that could make it even better.  I admit, I haven't had a chance to review kshepherd's thoughts much yet...but I planned to do so today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; At the very least, I think this is "ready to merge" (unless there are objections). But, I want to see if any of kshepherd's suggestions are "quick fixes" which would be worth considering *in addition*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thoughts on this? (Also checking to be sure I'm not talking to myself here!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm here.  Trying to formulate a useful thought.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I'm half-eyed here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; (working on getting #983 ready for 5.3 ;-))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think kshepherd's note about updating PR to change "DSpaceAuthorizationFilter" might make sense...as it will ensure these "tombstone" records also are listed in "ListIdentifier" requets (and not just requests for "GetRecord" which only grabs one record at a time).  So, for 982, I'll dig into it a bit more today and report back. If it's easy, I'll do this addition. Otherwise, I say we merge &amp; improve post-5.3</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; kshepherd's first alternative sounds like a quick fix, but the third sounds like the *right* fix.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; However I know next to nothing about the code here or this aspect of the protocol.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: I admit, I also need to dig in to understand these options. I'll do so later today and I can report back via a PR comment on what seems "doable" or if we just open up a new ticket for post-5.3</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, moving along to other PRs.  Since they are so few, it might just be worth doing a quick update on each (to see if we can find a tester as needed).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#973 -&gt; this is the one that pbecker is working on a quick fix to. It's nearly ready to go, and I'll gladly test it again once it is ready</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/973">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/973</a> ] - DS-2358: Preserves custom policy rules during versioning by pnbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It's actually a very minor fix though, so it seems like it could be merged once verified again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next is DSPR#961.  Another very minor fix.  Was tested by kshepherd. Seems like it could be merged as well (code looks reasonable)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/961">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/961</a> ] - fixed dots in upper pagination by pablobuenaposada</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (Sidenote: If anyone disagrees with my analysis on this PRs, please do speak up...especially if you disagree about whether they seem merge-able or not.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Indeed, it's a tiny change in 961.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#943 seems like it needs more testing.  It has verification tests from cknowles, and some comments from kshepherd here again that it doesn't quite fix all the problems (but is better than current behavior)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/943">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/943</a> ] - DS-2571 Fix jumping to value in descending browse by aschweer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C5104D.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if anyone has time in the coming days, more effort on 943 (testing &amp; feedback) might be a good place to help out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The last on the list is DSPR#941.  Again a tiny (configuration) change.  Has verification from kshepherd again (who's done an awesome job helping test!).  Seems like it could be merged as well, and offers a quick fix to the Collection authorization "optimization" code issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/941">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/941</a> ] - [DS-2527] Disable collection authorisation enumeration optimisation by default by rradillen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; SUMMARY: Looks like we have two PRs which look mergeable (961, 941), two that have committers looking at minor enhancements (982, 973), and one that may need more help (943)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kimiora (~kim@163.47.220.181) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Does that sound right?  Anyone willing to help out on 943 a bit more (testing or looking more at kshepherd's feedback)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 941 is a tiny change to a default and makes sense.  I also agree with kshepherd's comment about documenting defaults in the config., but maybe that should be a new issue to generally clean up the config. commentary, after settling on a convention.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yea, I agree with kshepherd's notes too (for the future). But, for 941, it actually does document the default value in the config...but the commented out configuration shows the *non-default* value.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I just changed #973, building now. As soon as the build went through I will test and push it. I expect 973 to be merged by the end of the day (if tdonohue has time to test it again).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and +1 to reviewing our configs across the board to clean up comments, etc.  I think this may happen "naturally" anyways as we move towards enhancing Configuration (dynamic and Admin UI based)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: I can make time to test 973 today, I think (tomorrow at the latest). In any case, we should be able to get it merged this week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and thanks, pbecker!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so we are closing in on the 5.3 release.  We had set a tentative date of sometime next week (around July 23rd).  It seems like we are still on schedule for that, which is great</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I have to thank for testing and reviewing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It seems like the goal this week (hopefully by Fri) should be to get the rest of these PRs either merged or rescheduled (if needed), so that we can use next week to test 5.3 and do release preparations.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if anyone has time to help with this, please do let me know. I'm planning to also throw some time towards trying to test/merge PRs, but could use some help if anyone is willing to "claim" a PR or two.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; have to leave the meeting, sorry.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bye pbecker, we'll talk to you later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. So, I think that wraps up 5.3 updates / status. Unless anyone has any questions or final thoughts?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Apparently not.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; nope :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, moving along to 6.0 updates/discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As announced to dspace-devel, we have a "Special Topics" meeting next week (on Thurs, July 23 @ 15:00UTC) to talk about the @Mire "Services API + Hibernate" project that KevinVdV has been working on.  <a href="http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/Special-Topic-Meeting-DSpace-quot-Services-API-quot-project-July-23-15-00-UTC-td4678814.html">http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/Special-Topic-Meeting-DSpace-quot-Services-API-quot-project-July-23-15-00-UTC-td4678814.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace - Devel - Special Topic Meeting: DSpace "Services API" project - July 23 @ 15:00 UTC ] - <a href="http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/Special-Topic-Meeting-DSpace-quot-Services-API-quot-project-July-23-15-00-UTC-td4678814.html">http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/Special-Topic-Meeting-DSpace-quot-Services-API-quot-project-July-23-15-00-UTC-td4678814.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This meeting is in *addition* to our normal developer meeting, which will be on West, July 22 @ 20:00UTC (as normal).  Unfortunately, if we want to get 5.3 out the door, I think we still need to have the normal DevMtg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I'd encourage everyone to join this Special Topics meeting. It'll be via Adobe Connect (so that Ben Bosman &amp; Kevin can present the work visually &amp; we can do a live Q&amp;A).  It'll also be recorded so you can watch it later, if you cannot attend</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Planning to be here for both.  Hopefully my meeting at 1400 Thursday won't run long.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ah, that means I'll have to see if I can get Connect working at home.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, there are some instructions for testing Adobe Connect in the dspace-devel invitation email (linked above). So, you may want to test out your setup prior to the meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Just sent myself a note about that, thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Beyond that, regarding 6.0, most of the status is the same.  But, I will mention that I added a new project for consideration to the 6.0 "wishlist" that I've been playing with: DS-2654</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2654">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2654</a> ] - [DS-2654] Reloadable Configurations via Apache Commons Configuration - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (~kim@ec2-184-73-177-234.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If anyone else has 6.0 updates/notes they'd like to share, please feel free to also do so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd got meeting time wrong again :P</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd?  Wow, this is early for you! :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; heh, yep</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Drat, Connect insists on real Flash Player, not Shumway.  I may have to reinstall that bug farm to join the meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-mvhplrnxwzqbhnpr) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd - Thanks for all your PR testing for 5.3.  I noted earlier that you've been doing an excellent job chipping in on testing &amp; feedback</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; np, hope my comments aren't too verbose</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Right on target, I think.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd: nope, they make sense, and all are good observations.  The question is now whether we just create new tickets for those (for post-5.3), or if some are "doable" as quick-fixes in 5.3</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, honestly, for this last 15mins, I don't have any other topics of note in our agenda.  We've talked 5.3.  I did my few updates for 6.0.  Anyone have other topics/thoughts/questions to discuss today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i just checked the logs - i might submit a PR for 6.0 that does the *.cfg "fix up commented defaults" thing for consideration / voting, since a few seemed to agree with that idea?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Nothing? :)  Come on... what are you all working on these days?   Or, anyone want to chat about DS-2654 (my latest little experiment which looks to be showing some promise)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2654">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2654</a> ] - [DS-2654] Reloadable Configurations via Apache Commons Configuration - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd: that sounds like worthwhile cleanup. So, go for it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; reloadable configs sounds cool!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Config fixup would be welcome, I think.  Do we have general agreement on that convention, though?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mhwood: yeah i'm not sure if there really *is* a convention anymore, but i could always throw it out there and see what people say</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; maybe it should be a dspace-tech email before it's a PR?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There is a convention if the dev.s agree that there is one.  Yes, an email would be the way, I think.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; for a "convention" it also might be worth looking at what other OS systems do.  I think many other systems do what you described in the PR comment, kshepherd.  But, yea, I agree, an email thread seems reasonable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Do we have a place to document this convention for dev.s?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We have "code contribution standards" (which are not always well adhered to, but they do exist).  Here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Code+Contribution+Guidelines#CodeContributionGuidelines-CodeContributionStandards">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Code+Contribution+Guidelines#CodeContributionGuidelines-CodeContributionStandards</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Code Contribution Guidelines - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Code+Contribution+Guidelines#CodeContributionGuidelines-CodeContributionStandards">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Code+Contribution+Guidelines#CodeContributionGuidelines-CodeContributionStandards</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (ugh, some of those are outdated.  "Java 1.6 compliant")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hehe</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, when people ask "how do I contribute code", I always point them at that wiki page, which also includes those "standards"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C5104D.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; most still look good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, most are OK. Just need some minor updates here &amp; there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue writes it on my ToDo list to review this page again sometime soonish</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm going to need to head out to another meeting in ~5mins</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any final thoughts for today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; quick question/thought about media filter and curation tasks...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; if we have new media filter stuff coming in, should we think about making them curation tasks instead, or is it better to stick to the actual mediafilter way of doing things?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think I'm not the first to suggest that mediafilter should *become* a curation task.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think the issue is that it's hard to make that "requirement" until we convert existing media filters to curation tasks. Otherwise you end up with an odd scenario where some are run via "filter-media" and other are run via "curate".  But, I agree with that direction</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm also +1 media filters moving entirely to curation tasks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mm ok yeh sounds like my thinking</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes unfortunately I have to head out to another meeting. I'll check the logs later though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd might be able to fit a couple of hours sleep in before he has to leave for work ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds like "meeting adjourned" then.  Thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cheers all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (~kim@ec2-184-73-177-234.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 250 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-174-123-122.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 256 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-174-123-122.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-174-123-122.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 256 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-174-123-122.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-73-45-154-218.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods_ (~awoods@c-67-174-123-122.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-174-123-122.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 255 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods_ is now known as awoods</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>