<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2015-10-07
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[5:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kykccszefenqhint) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-kykccszefenqhint) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gmqkizuhyeynvcln) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yexiwmoilnfzwrzl) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yljbogesjzbkgfgq) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cwilper (185d1269@gateway/web/freenode/ip.24.93.18.105) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@128.206.252.168) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome to our weekly DSpace DevMtg.  Today's agenda is at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-10-07">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-10-07</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2015-10-07 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-10-07">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-10-07</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue realized in the last 15mins that I never sent this agenda to dspace-devel.  So, apologies. Some of you may have stumbled on it if you went looking yesterday or this morning</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case...our main topics for today are a possible 5.4, and looking towards 6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Regarding a 5.4 release:  It's sounding more and more like we still have some bugs that need resolution in the 5.x codebase.  Especially with the new addition of DS-2788 (and also DS-2679, which was already fixed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2788">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2788</a> ] - [DS-2788] Performance degradation of SOLR Discovery indexing in DSpace 5 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2679">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2679</a> ] - [DS-2679] Google Scholar ordering of metadata tags with multiple values (like authors) broken - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I like the idea of a 5.4 for those fixes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, as noted in the agenda, we now have a "5.4" version in JIRA, and I've already flagged a few possible tickets for that release. If there are additional issues you feel should be fixed in a 5.4, please add them to that release for consideration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Are there any other outstanding issues with SOLR / browse?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There also is a 5.4 milestone in GitHub (which hasn't yet been fully "synced" with JIRA, but should be): <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.4">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.4</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.4">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.4</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-2790</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2790">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2790</a> ] - [DS-2790] duplicate log4j configuration for Solr - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: I think there was another *search* issue that aschweer stumbled on. I'm trying to find that ticket number (as it should also be added to 5.4)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-2699</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2699">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2699</a> ] - [DS-2699] Search not working as expected - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that's the one! thanks, hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DSPR#1045 and DSPR#1095</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1045">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1045</a> ] - Ds 2699 improve search by aschweer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1095">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1095</a> ] - [DS-2790] removed duplicate log4j config lines for Solr by hardyoyo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, if you notice other things that should be added to 5.4, feel free</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I can't believe the number of JIRA's we've gone through is approaching 3000</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There's no exactly timeline for 5.4 *yet*.  Mainly, we need to get these major issues *fixed*. Then we need to find one or more individuals who are willing to help with the release (if you are willing, get in touch please!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other thoughts/questions on 5.4? Or shall we move on to 6.0 topics?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger wonders if cwilper might have an update from @mire re: DS-2788?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2788">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2788</a> ] - [DS-2788] Performance degradation of SOLR Discovery indexing in DSpace 5 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds like we'll wait on that (no big deal)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along for now.... 6.0 topics</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As noted in the agenda, OAI-PMH is still not working on "master": DS-2777  (This is mostly a note to see if anyone has time this week to help dig into it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2777">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2777</a> ] - [DS-2777] Three webapps fail to load with DSpace:master post-service API merger: OAI, Sword and SwordV2 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; All other webapps seem to be working (at least minimally)...though more testing is *highly* encouraged for any/all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I had a slightly unorthodox idea re: the OAI webapp for 6...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I did some digging on 2777, and hit a few walls along the way (notes in that ticket). I hope to get back to it at some point, but not sure if that'll happen this week (if it does it may be Fri)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; if the xoai code won't easily work with with the Service API... we could move back to the DB-based OAI...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger ducks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* peterdietz throws a shoe at hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* pbecker throws something in hpottinger's direction</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: not sure that actually helps. The problem is that XOAI is trying to use/inject the *HandleService* and cannot find it.  It's not really something a DB backend would solve</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; previous errors are not present. You need to change tomcat log to ... (looking)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/a/6081748/368581">http://stackoverflow.com/a/6081748/368581</a>    logging.properties ContainerBase.Catalina.levels ...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ java - Tomcat startup logs - SEVERE: Error filterStart how to get a stack trace? - Stack Overflow ] - <a href="http://stackoverflow.com/a/6081748/368581">http://stackoverflow.com/a/6081748/368581</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Often tomcat will just swallow the real error, and not show it in the logs. It might be something simple like, can't find dspace.cfg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case , if anyone ends up with ideas on 2777 regarding OAI, I'd appreciate brainstorms/help.  I feel like I'm *missing* something...or we just need to STOP wrapping Spring in our ServiceMgr, and use Spring directly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; re: DS-2788, no update, agree more measurement + specifics are needed. Two things we have done in our installs that have been fruitful with indexing performance are to 1) reduce the amount of time postgresql transactions are open, and 2) change solr committing behavior, both with code + config. Roeland mentioned #1 in the ticket. I'll add a little more detail about #2 to the ticket shortly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2788">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2788</a> ] - [DS-2788] Performance degradation of SOLR Discovery indexing in DSpace 5 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: huh, that is something to try</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Might also need to watch tomcat/log/localhost-DAY-.log</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; cwilper: thanks for that update</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yep, thanks, cwilper, sorry for putting you on the spot like that. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; np, just didn't notice right away. mostly lurking today :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Back to DSpace 6-related stuff.  We have a TON of PRs currently flagged for possible inclusion in DSpace 6.  So, in the coming weeks, I'd like to recommend we start reviewing those in these meetings (even if it's just 20mins or so).  (That'd include *this* meeting, once we finish all other topics)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 1 ton = 55 PRs.  A number of them have merge conflicts.  (Someone just a few minutes ago fixed one of those.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Oops, 57.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I mostly suggested moving from xoai to the old code base because xoai is a SpringMVC webapp... and getting SpringMVC to work with Services-API seems to be a blocker...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; 1.03 tons of Pull Requests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yep :)  Right, we'd ignore the ones with merge conflicts for now..and go back to them later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So how do we move forward?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, regarding other topics today. Are there any other topics folks want to bring up around 6.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; just when you merge a PR for 6, think about whether it can backport to 5.4</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Not that I've dug too deep into other new features. But, I'd be quite happy if S3 assetstore, and dynamic configs got in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: it's an idea..but honestly, I'm not 100% convinced that I'm not overlooking something yet around OAI-PMH / 2777.  I don't know if it is that SpringMVC *won't work* with Services API.  But, it's at least frustrating to get working ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Try that logging change I mentioned. As simple as editing tomcat/conf/logging.properties, and restarting tomcat</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: will do. Maybe I can find some time later today to do that, just to see if it brings the problem to light</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I also wish that dspace servlets/webapps were less noisy to catalina.out. I don't entirely want to know on an INFO level all the stuff going on.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, before we jump into 6.0 PR reviews, I did also want to mention this brainstorm/design ticket for Hierarchical Metadata Support:  DS-2769</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2769">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2769</a> ] - [DS-2769] Hierarchical Metadata Support - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: you're using Vagrant-DSpace to do your testing, correct? This is mostly a "smoke test" of the OAI webapp. Just turn it on and see if smoke comes out.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; When we have our logging right, nothing would ever get to catalina.out.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I'm mostly mentioning this because we seem to have this team willing to volunteer *time* towards Hierarchical Metadata Support, if we give them feedback on their idea)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yes, I'm using vagrant-dspace with OAI testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Regarding 2769, it'd be useful if we could give them some feedback on their ideas..which are given more details in this wiki page: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Hierarchical+Metadata+Support+-+LOM+and+MODS">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Hierarchical+Metadata+Support+-+LOM+and+MODS</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Hierarchical Metadata Support - LOM and MODS - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Hierarchical+Metadata+Support+-+LOM+and+MODS">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Hierarchical+Metadata+Support+-+LOM+and+MODS</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Hierarchical metadata would be another good problem to solve. I feel that that is something that is in high demand in our field. I had a brainstorm on some backus-naur-form for a model in my head. But haven't built any pretty visio diagrams of it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not sure if we want to spend today's meeting talking in depth here, but it seems like we should all find time to review this, and discuss it's plausibility for Hierarchical Metadata</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; my worry is that if DS-2788 is indeed related to metadata4all, what happens when we make the metadata model more complex?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2788">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2788</a> ] - [DS-2788] Performance degradation of SOLR Discovery indexing in DSpace 5 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We find the bottleneck and fix it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: one thing at a time :)  If we fix 2788, then we should get a better idea of what causes the bottleneck, and avoid it later on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; sorry, I'm a worrier. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I don't think SOLR being poor performance should cause us to stop advancing DSpace. I was at this point 5 years ago (??) When I built the Elastic Search statistics, for performance reasons. But, uniformity and consistency is probably a bigger concern than raw performance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; At this moment, I don't believe I'll be able to contribute much to Hierchical metadata for DSpace 6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hierarchical metadata *wouldn't* be for DSpace 6... this project is just in "brainstorms".  I just wanted to give them feedback on their design.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Maybe to discussions, but not to development. I've prototypes adding serialized json as metadata values, it sort of gives you some room. <a href="https://trydspace.longsight.com/handle/123456789/178">https://trydspace.longsight.com/handle/123456789/178</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Getty Research Journal No. 4 ] - <a href="https://trydspace.longsight.com/handle/123456789/178">https://trydspace.longsight.com/handle/123456789/178</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; We have deep interest in this feature. We are going to start a project next January where hierarchical metadata in DSpace will be one topic.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; They are *volunteering* to build this for DSpace. So, it'd be useful if we can help them build it *correctly* (instead of building something that in the end won't work)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: it'd be useful to get your feedback on 2769 then, to see if their proposal would also work for your needs...or if you see flaws in it, or limitations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; tdonohue:  I hear you.  I just haven't anything to say yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; of course, I just won't have the time at least before Oct. 29. ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; The current "DSpace way" that one would support hierarchical metadata, is what @Mire did with ORCID. I would say build into DSpace the ability for DSpace to contain its own metadata authority control. And then when you store author = {{ DSPACE-AUTHORS, id=12345 --&gt; first: Peter, last, Dietz, institution: Longsight }}</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; There are good reasons why our project starts in January and not before. But I'll see what I can do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Since it sounds like most folks haven't reviewed this yet, I wonder if we should all find time to look at it in more detail in the next few weeks, and we can revisit it later on? (I can keep it on the agenda as a reminder to us)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; ...but, if one is willing to invest in touching the data model, I think a metadatavalue that can contain other metadata values is a better direction.. But requires DSpace wizards to think about it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: thanks. I don't think there's a rush here. Although it might also be useful to note your interest (in a comment) and let them know you'd be willing to review it in November sometime (or whenever)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; still... it seems like a big layer of complexity to accomodate one use case</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Indeed, can't we parse this stuff *once* and store the semantic network in a usable form?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; I do suspect we can squeeze a *lot* better performance out of Solr/discovery indexing. I don't think the problem is inherent in solr, nor is it really a design issue with metadata4all, but is more likely exacerbated by it. What I'd really like to do is set up a proper reindexing performance test, tweaking some of the variables we've noticed as having a significant effect.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; This metadata use case is everywhere. I see it all the time. Need a proper solution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Maybe I'll ping the Committers list on this as well (-commit) to see if others have seen this design.   It looks *reasonable* to me, but it would need to get into Solr as well for best performance.  The joins on these tables to grab out metadata values/attributes seem like they could get complex :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'll admit, my librarians are interested in hiearchical metatadata support, so, I'm all for it... I just don't know if the complexity needs to be in the DB</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; If DSpace had a graph DB (neo4j), I think this would be a piece of cake.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger wonders if Hibernate accomodates complex structures like, erm, graphs, as peterdietz suggests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: right, understandable.  In some ways we could just store JSON in the DB (if we were OK with that), and Solr indexing,  rather than building a complex set of tables which can handle all hierarchical metadata schemas</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ew!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There's lots of way this *could* be done...it's a matter of finding some "best practices" here (and I frankly don't know how other projects store such hierarchies in a relational db)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; wait... why build a graph DB on top of a RDBMS?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; why not just use a graph DB?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Probably should not, if that's what we need.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; are we discussing now to store everything as linked data like fedora 4 (IIRC)? ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; flat metadata goes in the ORM, complex metadata goes into the graph DB</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* pbecker likes that idea *g*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; side note: orientdb is kinda neat, java-based, clusterable, and does hierarchical + graph type queries. i did some stuff with it while at sonatype.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I was wondering when pbecker would speak up. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think part of the problem is keeping the number of "pieces" that is DSpace small/contained.  We don't want to have to add more and more complexities here to make Dspace "work"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; to be serious: going to some kind of graph db would be a ton of work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I don't see that this is neccessary now or would help us even with the idea in mind of hierarchical metadata.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; it's not super mature (like a lot of graph dbs) but has some really nice capabilities. i would treat it as a secondary store -- mostly a cache of stuff stored elsewhere, much the same way people treat solr/elasticsearch, so it can be rebuilt</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; similar to how we do RDF</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; it would deeply change DSpace and some basic concepts we are now using for years.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's about time for that change, I think.  Our metadata manipulation is too close to the data.  We need to abstract a bit.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; If we really want to use graph DB I would prefer to not use a specific db but to support protocolls like sparql 1.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; okay. sorry, maybe wrong direction on this subject, but general idea is that there is some support for the idea of hierarchical metadata, but would like to have people analyze how it might be possible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; While these brainstorms are nice, it seems like we need to think more about *use cases* than looking for a "magic bullet".  I'm not convinced we need to redo our entire storage layer for Hierarchical Metadata.  But, I'm willing to listen to brainstorms :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; .addpoint tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; tdonohue: +2/-0, 2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I would recommend though that our time today may be better spent elsewhere.   It would be great for everyone to think more on Hierarchical Metadata, and review the proposal. but, let's table it for today, and revisit later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The metadata service should sort out how it does matching and storage.  We can have bounded-hierarchy (QDC) and general hierarchy done differently.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there any other pressing topics for today?  (If not, I'd suggest we do some PR reviews for the remaining minutes)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; If there is space for a new topic I just want to let you know that the German DSpace User Group Meeting happend last Monday. We had a great get together with round about 35 people in Universität Tübingen.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That's good to hear.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; There were several talks, g.e. about Migrating OPUS repositories to DSpace, OpenAire compliancy and the strategic plan for the development of DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; great to hear, pbecker!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Peter Rempis (the host this year) and I will put up the slides into the DSpace wiki within the next days.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I was just going to ask.  Thank you!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any particular feedback or topics of note?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; awesome!! I wish we could replicate that success in the US</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Of course all slides are written in German, but even non German Speakers should be able to see the topics.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; No particular Feedback. But a lot of great ides.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I will need some days to sort all of it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; But I can recommend to just pick a date, write some mails and invite all interessted DSpace users in your country.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Regarding US-based meetings, I also think we just need one (or a few) institutions to decide to host a regional meeting, and send out invites to see who is interested. I know Fedora has started having regional user groups (mostly a grass-roots sort of thing)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (It's also the same way things like regional code4lib conferences occur)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; A UK DSpace user group is planned for 2nd Nov.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I feel like I'm on an Island. No DSpace user that I'm aware of for ~100 miles? But, in this room alone, are alot of people in the Midwest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Ah I almost forgot we had again some suisse guests as well. ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other topics to share for today?  (I'm noting we are actually running low on time. Perhaps we look at PRs in the JIRA backlog)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; cknowles: great!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; There are going to be regional centres and then we all video conference in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; cknowles: also excellent</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; peterdietz: tübingen is more then 400 miles away from berlin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: yea, by "regional", I actually do mean something like a "DSpace Midwest User Group" "DSpace West Coast User Group", "DSpace East Coast User Group", etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 midwest DSpace UG</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Distance is the trouble here.  The US is about 4700km across.  Germany is about 700km?  We have to think more in terms of a number of regional meetings.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; mhwood: I know. But I was thinking in the same direction as tdonohue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, the point is that an institution needs to be willing to host this sort of thing.  It works better as a "grassroots event" (like regional code4lib) than a top-down sort of thing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; there is a reason it is "just" a german dspace user group meeting and not an european one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; .addpoint pbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; pbecker: +2/-0, 2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; A while back, IU, Purdue, Notre Dame, UIUC, and a few others did manage to send some of their repository people to a meeting.  It's probably time to do so again.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Not sure which would be best. Just contact a big Uni, and see if they want to host it? I'm thinking OSU or UMich could host it in the opposite city as the big football game each year. Plus other dates / locations. (Keep in mind, I'm not in contact with these people about these things)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, since we are near 1 hour, I'm not going to introduce any other topics today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; mhwood: perfect. And don't forget to send a mail to dspace-general to give anybody will the chance to attend as well. that's all what it needs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; s/will/willing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; pbecker meant to say: mhwood: perfect. And don't forget to send a mail to dspace-general to give anybody willing the chance to attend as well. that's all what it needs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Use the Jira hour for PR review?  At least part of it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yep, sounds reasonable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* pbecker is sorry but unable to attend.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll close up the meeting for today. Those who are able to attend the JIRA backlog review, we'll be reviewing PRs today over in #dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* terry-b (~chrome@71-212-24-25.tukw.qwest.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 272 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@128.206.252.168) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-yexiwmoilnfzwrzl) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cwilper (185d1269@gateway/web/freenode/ip.24.93.18.105) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cwilper (~user@cpe-24-93-18-105.rochester.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cwilper (~user@cpe-24-93-18-105.rochester.res.rr.com) Quit (Quit: cwilper)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cwilper (~user@50.48.252.106) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>