<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2015-04-22
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:50]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:50]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:50]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:50]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-160056.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome. It's time for our weekly DSpace Dev Mtg.  Today's agenda is posted at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-04-22">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-04-22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2015-04-22 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-04-22">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-04-22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The first few topics on this agenda are really just quick notes...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1. I'll be out of the office next week (Weds - Fri), and won't be able to attend this meeting next Weds (April 29 @ 20UTC).  Anyone wiling to take the lead on this meeting next week?  Or can you all "self-organize" and chat about 5.2?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; It's a late meeting, I won't make it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2. Also just wanted to note that our OR2015 Developer/DCAT meeting now has a Wiki page: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-06-08+-+OR15+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-06-08+-+OR15+Meeting</a>   The exact time of this meeting is still unknown, but it will happen on Monday, June 8. Please feel free to signup and add any ideas of topics you'd like to see discussed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2015-06-08 - OR15 Meeting - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-06-08+-+OR15+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-06-08+-+OR15+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, lots of silence here.  Anyone else planning to be around next week for the DevMtg (20UTC)?  Just wanting verification that you all can minimally self-organize and talk more about 5.2 schedule, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I expect to be here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, thanks. I'll just assume then that you all will self-organize and talk about important topics.  The biggest of course is outstanding 5.2 tickets, and starting to get a handle on when that release may occur.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm thinking we should probably nail down a release date maybe today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Regarding the OR15 face-to-face Dev/DCAT meeting, if anyone has ideas for topics, please do pass them my way or add them to the Wiki page.  I'll be working on finalizing the agenda in the coming weeks, once we have a time for the meeting, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: we can, if we think we are ready :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And that is the next topic on the agenda... 5.2 planning / status</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's the outstanding PRs still tagged for 5.2: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.2">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.2</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.2">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.2</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; probably ready? I think DSPR#905 is close, and just needs docs + some advice for usage of the --keep flag</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/905">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/905</a> ] - Ds 2486 reindex solr by aschweer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, the most important one still is 905 (as noted by hpottinger)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 905 does seem close to me (just from following the discussion).  I agree though with the concerns about auto-deleting the entire temp directory (and mhwood's idea of a small refactor sounds nice)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I also notice that aschweer just commented earlier as well about checking for lack of disk space (not sure whether that's fully needed to be a programmatic check though, or if we just add some docs/warnings about it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yeah, all concerns with 905 I think can be addressed with docs and more usage info in the script</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I think DS-2545 is a real problem, but I didn't found time yet to investigate more.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2545">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2545</a> ] - [DS-2545] JSPUI offers collections in the submission process the user is not allowed to commit to - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; helix84 has updated the 5.2 status page: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.2+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.2+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 5.2 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.2+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.2+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I would note here though that with 905, if the recommendation is to *always* use the "--keep" flag, then that implies the code is likely doing something wrong, and maybe we should quickly fix it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, i wonder if anyone would want or be willing to add a few more minor fixes to 905?  Or is it really ready to merge and release?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: my recommendation is if you care about the contents or existence of the temp folder specified in the DIRECTORY_OPTION, you should use the --keep option</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and just generally make it clear that the script considers that entire folder disposable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: right, I'm just pointing out that seems like a recommendation for "defaulting" to using --keep, unless you are sure you don't want it.  Which implies the code has the wrong default setting to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it's not necessarily "wrong" just "surprising"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; surprising is "wrong" when you are talking about auto-deleting content</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (at least it is to most sysadmins, I'd assume)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; well.. if you don't specify the folder, then the script autocreates it and then cleans up when it's done</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'd personally recommend the suggested refactor of 905</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood's suggestion?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Or something that at least makes the auto-delete of the directory more "safe".  We shouldn't just assume that the directory passed in should be wiped out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Problem is that main() knows whether the directory path was supplied and exportIndex knows whether it was created.  They don't coordinate.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; aschweer has indicated she's pressed for time, I am as well, 905 is based on a feature branch, if anyone has time to refactor that feature branch, please do so</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone willing to do that quick refactor on the branch?  I just really don't want to see complaints that the "auto-upgrade script just deleted a ton of stuff I needed!" on our lists</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'll take a stab at it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks mhwood!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yay!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, assuming the deletion stuff gets cleaned up a bit, it sounds like 905 is ready to go</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stepping back to pbecker's note above on DS-2545</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2545">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2545</a> ] - [DS-2545] JSPUI offers collections in the submission process the user is not allowed to commit to - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Seems like with 2545, JSPUI should just copy the logic from XMLUI?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I know that this worked once.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I don't know what broke it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Didn't had the time to investigate further, but I was able to reproduce on demo.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; On Demo, it looks like XMLUI works properly with regards to the Collection dropdown from the Submit UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, on Demo, JSPUI does NOT work right (it lists all collections)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; You can see this behavior by simply logging in as "dspacedemo+submit@gmail.com" in XMLUI and JSPUI on demo site</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; exactly. If a user has no rights to commit to any collection then no collection is listed and a warning is produced.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, I've verified, this is a bug. XMLUI works, JSPUI doesn't</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; But If the user is allowed to submit to at least one collection all are shown.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we probably need to see what is different in their implementations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I added a comment to the ticket that I've verified this bug. I'd agree this seems like something to definitely fix in 5.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I won't have any time this week, but I hope to take a look next week on this issue. If someone else wants to chip in, I would really appreciate it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; pbecker: is there another bug you needed confirmation on?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I'm a little bit unsure about DS-2550.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2550">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2550</a> ] - [DS-2550] ImageMagick/Ghostscript my lead to wrong background color of PDF thumbnails - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; thanks, that you asked hpottinger.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; No one else was able to reproduce it. aschweer wrote that she would give it +1 nevertheless as she understands the problem and the solution in theory.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; looks like you just need another +1 and you can "just fix it"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I just see, that I forgot to label some of my PRs on github.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; So there are some more PRs ready for 5.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; they are all small bugfixes for JSPUI.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; can you add them to the 5.2 milestone?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; yes, I just did.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; no they should be all in the list tdonohue linked above.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; regarding 2550, as long as it doesn't "break" anything it sounds fine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I was digging a tad deeper on DS-2545... I suspect it *might* be related to DS-682 fixes in 5.0 (from peterdietz).  I added a comment around that, but I don't know for certain that was the cause'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2545">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2545</a> ] - [DS-2545] JSPUI offers collections in the submission process the user is not allowed to commit to - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-682">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-682</a> ] - [DS-682] The Select Collection step performs badly with a large number of collections - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; In therory it could break transparency, if anyone uses a format that support transparency (e.g. png) for thumbnails.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; but we do not have any code to generate thumbnails as png, so it would be a local addon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; can't support code we can't see :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sure we do, ImageMagick generates thumbnails from PNG: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace/config/dspace.cfg#L470">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace/config/dspace.cfg#L470</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace.cfg at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace/config/dspace.cfg#L470">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace/config/dspace.cfg#L470</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; notice "image/png" in that list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; tdononhue I was talking about the "export" format of the thumbnail.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; And I think this is always jpg.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, I see. gotcha. I misunderstood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: i think 2550 sounds fine to me then. I agree, there's no need to support PNG format thumbnails, since we always generate thumbs in JPG</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2550 is also rather small, and there's a config to turn it off if needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/mediafilter/ImageMagickThumbnailFilter.java#L70">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/mediafilter/ImageMagickThumbnailFilter.java#L70</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/ImageMagickThumbnailFilter.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/mediafilter/ImageMagickThumbnailFilter.java#L70">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/mediafilter/ImageMagickThumbnailFilter.java#L70</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; tdonohue: great. One last question. Do we want this configuration property to be (commented out) in dspace.cfg?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; hi all. Sorry to pop in late</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Or maybe just in the code to keep dspace.cfg slim</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hi peter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, commented out (as you have it) seems best, pbecker.  There's no reason to have it uncommented since it's a default setting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; the question was more whether we want to have it in dspace.cfg at all?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; We could leave it in the code, but not mention it in dspace.cfg.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I would rather have it there, commented.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: right now we prefer having things commented out, just cause it's essentially "documentation" in dspace.cfg.  I prefer not having "hidden" configs that are only findable by browsing code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; perfect, I agree.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; which also brings up a minor point. This config should also be added to the ImageMagick docs for DSpace 5.x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; of course. I'll merge it tomorrow and write the docs. (have no time for the docs today)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks pbecker. Sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: when you find a chance, you might want to review DS-2545.  It looks possibly related to your fixes to DS-682 which were released in 5.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2545">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2545</a> ] - [DS-2545] JSPUI offers collections in the submission process the user is not allowed to commit to - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-682">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-682</a> ] - [DS-682] The Select Collection step performs badly with a large number of collections - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; i just started to read it over. The code for each ui looks so similar. Seems odd they would behave differently</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, any other 5.2 tickets or PRs we want to discuss today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: I agree, but it is also happening on the Demo site. So, something must be acting differently between XMLUI and JSPUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* pbecker added a comment to DS-2550 that we decided to merge as it is.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2550">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2550</a> ] - [DS-2550] ImageMagick/Ghostscript my lead to wrong background color of PDF thumbnails - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll also note that it looks like, with 5.2, we have a lot of smaller (still open) PRs: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.2">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.2</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.2">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.2</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if someone feels like doing some merging..there seems like several minor, small fixes that could just be merged &amp; cherry-picked to 5.x in that list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I started to create PRs against dspace-5_x branch so no cherry-picking is necessary anymore. hope that helps.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, and looking at that list, I was reminded about DS-2546 / DSPR#918</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/918">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/918</a> ] - [DS-2546] fixes problem in DateUtils parsing by christian-scheible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2546">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2546</a> ] - [DS-2546] OAI-PMH interface is parsing Dates incorrectly - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I tagged this for 5.2 recently as it sounded a bit ugly, but I hadn't had a chance to actually test it myself)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if anyone can help verify it, it sounds like an ugly bug where you can never really harvest *everything* from OAI-PMH or OAI-ORE</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; All this being said, do we want to talk DSpace 5.2 release timelines?  It does seem like we are nearing a release date...and may just need a final push over the next week or two.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We could even set a "tentative" goal date (likely at least a few weeks out)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; For example, a tentative date of May 7 or May 14 (both are Thursdays)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; how about a Wednesday?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 5/13?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Wednesdays are fine too. I just tend to avoid Fri ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; wait, that's a terrible date for me :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 5/14 is better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; A tentative release date of 5/14 is fine by me. hpottinger, sounds like you are still volunteering to do the honors of "cutting" the release?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; well, I'll do it if no one else wants to... I think pbecker wants to, though...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; that was a joke, heh heh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; To meet the 5/14 goal, ideally, we'd get all major bugs merged by 5/7 at the latest (one week prior).  That'd give us time to then do a quick full system test (e.g. on Demo), etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; JSPUI... what...the...heck... <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-jspui/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/webui/jsptag/SelectCollectionTag.java#L68">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-jspui/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/webui/jsptag/SelectCollectionTag.java#L68</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/SelectCollectionTag.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-jspui/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/webui/jsptag/SelectCollectionTag.java#L68">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-jspui/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/webui/jsptag/SelectCollectionTag.java#L68</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hpottinger: sorry, I was distracted. ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; a JSP calls that tag: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-jspui/src/main/webapp/submit/start-lookup-submission.jsp#L277">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-jspui/src/main/webapp/submit/start-lookup-submission.jsp#L277</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/start-lookup-submission.jsp at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-jspui/src/main/webapp/submit/start-lookup-submission.jsp#L277">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-jspui/src/main/webapp/submit/start-lookup-submission.jsp#L277</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: you may have found the 2545 bug ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Bypassing all the logic that the servlet created...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yuck. Definitely add a comment of your findings, peterdietz.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I've updated the 5.2 Status page with the new tentative release date of 5/14: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.2+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.2+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 5.2 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.2+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.2+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger prints a calendar, wanders off to pick it up from the printer, brb</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any final thoughts for today?  Sounds like we have a general plan in place for 5.2.  I'd just encourage everyone to keep chipping away at the PRs listed here: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.2">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.2</a>  (And also any major tickets still needing a PR, like DS-2545)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.2">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.2</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2545">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2545</a> ] - [DS-2545] JSPUI offers collections in the submission process the user is not allowed to commit to - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, we'll close out today's meeting then!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Again, next week, I'll be unavailable, but you all should just touch base on 5.2 and how to move any (still open) PRs / major tickets forward to resolution!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes I'm taking a 5 min break, and then will jump over to #dspace for JIRA backlog hour (for anyone interested)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; to repeat the timeline: April 7: freeze master for release, start mini testathon; April 7-13 mini testathon; April 14, cut release 5.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hpottinger, you meant May not April for sure.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; shoot, yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; May 13: trick pbecker into volunteering to cut release 5.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger adds a few lines to the Dev Meeting agenda for OR15</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-160056.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-160056.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-160056.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>