<span class="irc-date">[5:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-osgxqpzjsurszdag) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 272 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:57]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:57]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:57]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:57]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:57]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- [freenode-info] why register and identify? your IRC nick is how people know you. <a href="http://freenode.net/faq.shtml#nicksetup">http://freenode.net/faq.shtml#nicksetup</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-acdsvvldnruqtdnn) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers meeting. Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-05-06">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-05-06</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2015-05-06 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-05-06">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-05-06</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First up, just a reminder that details about the face-to-face Developers / DCAT meeting at OR15 in Indianapolis are now posted up on: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-06-08+-+OR15+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-06-08+-+OR15+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2015-06-08 - OR15 Meeting - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-06-08+-+OR15+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-06-08+-+OR15+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If you plan to attend, please try to let us know on that page.  You are also more than welcome to add suggestions for topics for discussion.  The meeting will be from 1:30-5pm on Monday, June 8.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any questions / thoughts about that meeting that anyone wants to bring up today?  I'll pause for a moment or two, just in case</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; just wanting to see 5.2 ready to ship</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, moving along to the next topic:  the upcoming DSpace 5.2 release <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.2+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.2+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 5.2 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.2+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.2+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger sent me an email this morning to let me know he won't make the meeting today (family conflict).  But, he feels that 5.2 is in a state that we can release it on May 14 (which was the tentative date we set a few weeks back)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; From what I can tell, our biggest bug (DS-2486) looks to be resolved (it was accepted &amp; merged).  But, I'm not sure if anyone wrote documentation yet?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2486">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2486</a> ] - [DS-2486] Missing fields in solr statistics data from previous DSpace versions - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I just deployed a site to 5.x (has the 5.2-ish SOLR reindex merge), and it all went smooth. So, I've got confidence in 5.2, as being the big-one, i.e. the minor release that will drive wider adoption</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not seeing any documentation for the SOLR reindex stuff (2486) in the 5.x docs. I'm assuming this isn't "automatic", right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Yeah, there will need to be documentation. Since everything in the upgrade process is so automated. Having to manually kick-off a reindex will require someone to run a command after the dust settles</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; gotcha. OK, I'm going to reopen 2486 then and ask for Docs.  It still seems very doable to get those docs this week, and still release next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; With DS-2545 we have another blocker. I created a PR, Keiji wanted to extend the PR.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2545">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2545</a> ] - [DS-2545] JSPUI offers collections in the submission process the user is not allowed to commit to - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks pbecker. That was my next question -- if there are any other major issues that are "holding up" 5.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, what's the status of 2545?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (~cknowles@pat-131-252.wlan.net.ed.ac.uk) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; As I read his comment in the ticket, I think we can already merge my PR. Nevertheless I would appreciate more testers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; My PR fixes 2545, but keiji want to have another sorting of collections.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2545?focusedCommentId=42109&amp;page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-42109">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2545?focusedCommentId=42109&amp;page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-42109</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-2545] JSPUI offers collections in the submission process the user is not allowed to commit to - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2545?focusedCommentId=42109&amp;page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-42109">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2545?focusedCommentId=42109&amp;page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-42109</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2545">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2545</a> ] - [DS-2545] JSPUI offers collections in the submission process the user is not allowed to commit to - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If you and keiji both feel that your PR fixes the main issue (that all Collections are listed in the dropdown), then it seems like something to just merge. It cannot be much worse than the current behavior for the JSPUI :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I wonder if that should have a separate ticket, for 6.0?  Is the current sorting *wrong*, or just something that could be improved?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; "the display order of collections are determined by collection name only and collections of a community may be not come into line." that's what keiji wrote.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; And: "I sent a PR to consider the names of their parent communities. As I wrote in the comment of PR, this PR affect the display order in XMLUI. If this becomes a problem, please ignore the PR."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; which PR is he referring to then?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm not sure I understand that fully.  I think it means that collection names should be sorted within community name?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not seeing a PR for 2545 created by zuki. Nor am I seeing his having commented on any recent PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm not sure I understand either</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; To make it simple: the current issue is resolved by my PR. It was introduced by the solution for DS-1968.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1968">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1968</a> ] - [DS-1968] Select the collection already selected in the previous operation - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; The PR for DS-1968 came from Keiji (DSPR#518).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1968">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1968</a> ] - [DS-1968] Select the collection already selected in the previous operation - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/518">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/518</a> ] - [DS-1968] Select the collection already selected in the previous operation (JSPUI) by zuki</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; There he wrote "Many universities use repository to disseminate their university bulletins in Japan. In these cases, they set a community as a bulletin and a collection as a issue, so there are many collections with the same name and you can not select a correct one with the name of collection only. This is why I made this change."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I think with his comment in DS-2545 wanted to say, that he *will* send another PR to repair the collection ordering.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2545">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2545</a> ] - [DS-2545] JSPUI offers collections in the submission process the user is not allowed to commit to - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; This PR hasn't be sent yet (as far as I see it).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I think DS-2545 is ready to go and should be tested and merged.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2545">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2545</a> ] - [DS-2545] JSPUI offers collections in the submission process the user is not allowed to commit to - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; If Keiji's creates a PR this week I'm willing to review it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2545 seems like a "good enough" fix that resolves the actual blocker. I'm perfectly fine with Keiji enhancing it, but it seems like the "enhancement" part need not hold up 5.2 (We can always do a 5.3 as needed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I agree.  Keiji's work sounds like a separate issue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; If he doesn't send a PR this week, I think we should release 5.2 anyhow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I think we all agree.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Its important that the collection list dropdown is sorted properly. A:100, A:200, A:300, B:30, B:40, B:50, ...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; where letter is community name, and number is collection number</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I agree with that too.  But it shouldn't hold up 2545.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; the question is, whether the sorting should hold up 5.2.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 5.2 seems like something we need to get out the door as there are major issues with upgrading to 5.x for *anyone* using Solr Stats.   Whereas, it doesn't seem like enhanced sorting is something that would affect *everyone* with the JSPUI (and likely could wait for 5.3)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.  Sort is inconvenient.  Stat.s are *broken*.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I think we merge 2545 as-is, and include it in 5.2.  Keiji's sorting enhancement should be a new ticket, and we'll merge it when it is ready (whether that is 5.2 or 5.3)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there any other major issues which we'd like to get into 5.2?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As a reminder, here's the open PRs which are labeled "5.2": <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.2">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.2</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests 路 DSpace/DSpace 路 GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.2">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.2</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It seems like we have a few "low hanging fruit" PRs in there which could just be "merged"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#917 just needs merging, looks like. It has approval</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/917">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/917</a> ] - [DS-2544] Improve temp file handling for IM thumbnailer by aschweer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#918 seems annoying and small</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/918">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/918</a> ] - [DS-2546] fixes problem in DateUtils parsing by christian-scheible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#939 looks like "low hanging fruit" for Mirage2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/939">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/939</a> ] - DS-2449 mirage2 template label by aschweer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#907 is being run in production by robint it sounds like</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/907">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/907</a> ] - [DS-2534] Fix a bug in the &amp;quot;Jump to&amp;quot; browse feature by kutsurak</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone willing to do a dig through these PRs and help get a few more merged?  It seems like we have a lot here that can be helpful in 5.2, and some just need someone to push a button &amp; cherry-pick to 5.x branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There's also a REST fix that peterdietz said "looks good": DSPR#895</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/895">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/895</a> ] - DS-2511: Repaired resource policy endpoints. by ctu-developers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Thats destined for 6.x, would it need to be picked for 5.x too?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; DSPR#938, DSPR#928, DSPR#915 are already cherry picked and just needs review and someone to press the button.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/938">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/938</a> ] - DS-2545: Show collections the user can submit items to only. by pnbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/928">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/928</a> ] - DS-2551: JSPUI show thumbnails only if user has read permission by pnbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/915">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/915</a> ] - DS-1965: Adds date fields to the form used to edit policies (JSPUI). by pnbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I think DS-1965 is really a low hanging fruit and quite important to work with embargos under jspui.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: what do you mean it's "destined for 6.x"?  Isn't DS-2511 scheduled for 5.2? and the PR therefore destined for that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1965">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1965</a> ] - [DS-1965] JSPUI Embargo functionality uncompleted - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2511">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2511</a> ] - [DS-2511] Bad creating/editing/removing bitstream policies from bitstreams - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; What is master? Is that 6.x, or 5.x ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; master is 6.x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; 5.x is dspace-5_x branch.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; master is 6.x.  But, just cause a PR is against "master" doesn't mean we wait until 6.x to release it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; So. 895 can get merged (into master), and then cherry-picked into 5.x for a 5.2 bug fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We tend to recommend that, if you are creating a PR, create it against *master* first.  We can then cherry-pick it over to dspace-5_x if we want to add into 5.x as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (~cknowles@pat-131-252.wlan.net.ed.ac.uk) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: correct, that's our normal PR process (unless someone provides us with two separate PRs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; FWIW, I personally only ever create PRs against master (and then have them cherry-picked elsewhere).  Others create multiple PRs (which is fine too)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; tdonohue: I'm currently providing two sepearte PRs after I had a PR that needed some more backporting. Is this wanted or should I keep the "one pr" behavior?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; one PR is perfectly fine. If you want to create multiple you can...but we only really need *one* (and that one should be against "master" and we'll cherry-pick it anywhere else it needs to go)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In our "Development with Git" docs, we actually list either option as "fine".  Either create two PRs or we'll just cherry-pick: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git#DevelopmentwithGit-Gettingacommittomultiplebranches%28backporting%29">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git#DevelopmentwithGit-Gettingacommittomultiplebranches%28backporting%29</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Development with Git - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git#DevelopmentwithGit-Gettingacommittomultiplebranches%28backporting%29">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git#DevelopmentwithGit-Gettingacommittomultiplebranches%28backporting%29</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Is there a way to cherry-pick on github? (normally I prefer the command line, but I don't like to push to dspace/dspace directly)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: there's no way to cherry-pick from the github UI. You have to do it via commandline</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; fine.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (again see that link I just pasted above)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; (read it :-))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, so, back to the list of PRs.  Anyone willing to "claim" a few of these to review &amp; merge?  It seems like we do have a lot of low-hanging-fruit here, and it'd be a shame to delay it all until 5.3</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.2">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.2</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests 路 DSpace/DSpace 路 GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.2">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.2</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I will look them over and see what I can do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks, mhwood.  Perhaps we can also see if hpottinger can help out when he gets in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll see if I can also find an hour to chip in within the next few days</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other specific issues to discuss with regards to 5.2?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, sounds like none</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, with 5.2, it seems like we need to get any last PRs merged ASAP.  Likely by Friday, if we can.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That'd give us much of next week to pull down the 5.x branch, and bang on it a bit, so that it's ready for release on Thurs, May 14</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds right.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, sounds like a plan then. I'll try to ping hpottinger about this later today (though I'm sure he'll also read these logs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next topic is just another reminder.  I just wanted to note that the various Strategic Planning activities  / RoadMap development work has been going on behind the scenes (on the wiki).  I don't have anything specific to report beyond the brief notes in the agenda</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, much of this is also under review by the Steering Group, and as noted previously, we're prepping this all for much broader discussion at the OR15 conference (both during the Dev/DCAT meeting and during the interest group sessions)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If there are any comments or questions, please do let me know. As noted before, you are also welcome to add your own thoughts/questions to the wiki pages</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; will there be a stream or a protocoll or some other information from the Dev/DCAT meeting at OR15?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll pause momentarily just in case there are burning questions...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: there will be notes. I'm not sure if we'll have the ability to "stream" (doubtful).  Though if Internet speed is good (it's hard to tell as it's at a hotel), maybe someone could Skype you in if you'd like that'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I have to check timezones, but if possible I would come back to that offer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Or someone could possibly open up a Google Hangout I guess, and "stream" it that way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The meeting is at 1:30pm - 5pm EDT.  It's probably quite late for you, but still let us know if you'd want to be brought in virtually in some way (even just for the first part of the mtg)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; tdonohue: thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no problem!  We'd love to find a way to include everyone obviously. At the very least, we'll take notes, and any slides I create I will share publicly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, unfortunately we are running short on time. I'm going to have to leave abruptly in ~5mins for a DSpace Steering Group meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I also know that pbecker wanted to talk about DS-1348, if anyone else can hang out for ab it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1348">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1348</a> ] - [DS-1348] Item level versioning breaks persistence and lacks meta information - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm glad to try and kick off the discussion, but I will need to leave (sorry)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I have some PRs around versioning waiting to be merged. I don't want to have to rebase them and they have some dependencies on each other.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I just would like to get some way to merge them soon and don't have to wait until a 6.0 feature freeze.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; on the otherside I know that they need a review and that it is always hard to find somone to review them (especially "outside" the merge season ;-))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; We are talking about DS-2497, DS-1348, DS-1814, DS-1349 and DS-2490</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2497">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2497</a> ] - [DS-2497] DSpace should keep the version number persistent - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1348">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1348</a> ] - [DS-1348] Item level versioning breaks persistence and lacks meta information - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1814">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1814</a> ] - [DS-1814] Allow submitter to create a new version of an item - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1349">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1349</a> ] - [DS-1349] Item level versioning exposes personal data (name and email of submitter, versioning creator) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2490">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2490</a> ] - [DS-2490] Add DOI support to Item Level Versioning - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I'm currently working on DS-2358, but it is not clear yet how much time this will take.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2358">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2358</a> ] - [DS-2358] Item-level versioning discards embargo - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue will catch up later. Sorry, please do continue without me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; It might happen that I have to touch a lot of code for DS-2358, then I would need a way to get it merge before a lot of other work is done in preparation of DSpace 6.0.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2358">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2358</a> ] - [DS-2358] Item-level versioning discards embargo - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So, is there a useful ordering to these?  Can we concentrate on one at a time?  There is a lot to review.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I think the ordering I used above is useful.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; We definitly should start with DS-2497 and DS-1348</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2497">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2497</a> ] - [DS-2497] DSpace should keep the version number persistent - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1348">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1348</a> ] - [DS-1348] Item level versioning breaks persistence and lacks meta information - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; The other three can follow in any random order</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 2497 certainly ought to be fixed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; thanks mhwood.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Out of my point of view all five tickets are solved. That's why I brought it up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'll review it.  Is there anyone else still here, willing to do so?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; mhwood: thank you very much. If you have any questions, you know where to find me. ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Please continue to ask about these, so that they all get review and action.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; good to know. Will do so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; mhwood: While I know that 1348 won't work without 2497, I haven't tested 2497 without 1348. ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; so, if you encounter any problems within 2497, it might be solved in 1348.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That is good to know.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm not sure what else to say at this point.  I was hoping to hear from someone who actually uses versioning.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I think everything is said for the moment. I will bring the topic back up in one of the next "early" dev' meetings.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Please do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I hope to get the versioning to the point were we can switch it on by default.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Then it will be used more often.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; These five issues are the biggest points I saw.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; cjuergen found another one or two issues that may need to be written down in jira. I have to investigate that more...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I think that's the point were we (mhwood and I) can close this meeting. ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; mhwood: will we do some small backlog hour in #dspace?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, meeting adjourned.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can.  Is anybody else available for Jira backlog?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I would be after 5 minutes of break.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I will be there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* pbecker goes back to #dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I'll ping you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@216.106.51.118.reverse.socket.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@216.106.51.118.reverse.socket.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
