<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2015-08-19
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gplpduhvbwnchcyo) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Disconnected.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wolfe.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wolfe.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wolfe.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wolfe.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; testing duralogbot is working right (it crashed on us again)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-160190.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Guest81316 (84cb82b6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.132.203.130.182) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C5104D.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome, it's time for our weekly DSpace DevMtg. Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-08-19">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-08-19</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2015-08-19 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-08-19">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-08-19</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The obvious "hot topic" for this week is the Services API refactor kicking off: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Service based api - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The initial PR was supplied by KevinVdV and it's already been merged into our feature branch (along with some quick bug fixes by mhwood): <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/DS-2701-service-api">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/DS-2701-service-api</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/DSpace at DS-2701-service-api · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/DS-2701-service-api">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/DS-2701-service-api</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2701">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2701</a> ] - [DS-2701] Adopt Service-based API refactor of existing Java API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've taken dspace-oai as far as clearing up the simple stuff (to the point that it compiles).  Not visible on GitHub yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV has also created some subtickets of DS-2701 for some "known issues" that already exist in this feature branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2701">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2701</a> ] - [DS-2701] Adopt Service-based API refactor of existing Java API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; For which he has my thanks, didn’t know I missed some heades</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Excuse me:  *would* compile but for the not-so-simple stuff.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it seems like we are at a state where everyone can begin to help in the refactor (and I know mhwood has already gotten started on that).  I wonder if there's any immediate questions anyone would like to pose for feedback from KevinVdV and others?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Should we have an issue for each of the app.s?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Or how are we going to organize the work w.r.t. the tools?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; which "tools" do you mean?  We could create sub-tickets for each app, but I wasn't sure if they were needed, since we already have each app "assigned" to someone.  If those subtickets were useful for other means (e.g. discussions of issues/status), then maybe it would make sense to have them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if I were to turn it around, do you see an immediate *need* for creating one subticket per webapp?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, today I worked on a small fix to dspace-api and started on a more involved one to dspace-oai.  I'm trying to figure out how to juggle all that.  Typically I name my own branches after the Jira ticket ID.  But I can come up with some other approach.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Does the OAI need API changes ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Just curious</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hard to say at the moment.  But I needed the license headers fixed so that I could get past dspace-api and have Maven even attempt dspace-oai.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If we hadn't had really rapid turnaround on that PR, I would have needed two branches, to keep things separate.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Regarding the subtickets per webapp, I wasn't sure if they'd be as useful as creating subtickets for more specific issues (i.e. bugs/blockers).  If folks want a subticket to work from though, feel free to just create one. I don't mind it, I just wasn't rushing to create 10 more subtickets :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there any specific issues you have run into with OAI though mhwood, that we all need to be aware of, or that you need feedback on?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I do have some questions about how to handle complex DB queries from the UIs.  Is ItemService really going to wind up with 30,000 methods, one for each possible query?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Yeah I did notice that the OAI has some query contatination in there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; But is this not for an optional DB based OAI ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OAI should be refactored to just use Solr as part of this (or at least I thought that was the plan here)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; SELECT item_id FROM item WHERE (in_archive=TRUE OR withdrawn=TRUE) AND discoverable=TRUE AND last_modified &gt; ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That stuff is all in Solr somewhere?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I think that this is just an “optional” DB backend which can replace solr</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no, that one might be used to *populate* Solr, actually.  You still will need *some DB stuff* in OAI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That SELECT is from XOAI.java.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; there are DB scripts in OAI that populate Solr indexes...so, it depends on what you are looking at</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Yeah, but you could make the in_archive, withdran, discoverable, …. parameters in a service method</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; &amp; you COULD set them to NULL</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; That way the method can reused</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So it has a dozen parameters, and NULL means don't-care.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The XOAI class is the one used to populate Solr indexes..so, yes, that DB method would still be needed:  <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-oai/src/main/java/org/dspace/xoai/app/XOAI.java#L193">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-oai/src/main/java/org/dspace/xoai/app/XOAI.java#L193</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/XOAI.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-oai/src/main/java/org/dspace/xoai/app/XOAI.java#L193">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-oai/src/main/java/org/dspace/xoai/app/XOAI.java#L193</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Anyway, I'm just trying to make it compile right now, and since DatabaseManager and TableRowIterator are no more, I have to figure out how to replace what's being done with them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; If the tableRowIterator contains items, you need an Iterator&lt;Item&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/DS-2701-service-api/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/content/dao/impl/ItemDAOImpl.java#L40">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/DS-2701-service-api/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/content/dao/impl/ItemDAOImpl.java#L40</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/ItemDAOImpl.java at DS-2701-service-api · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/DS-2701-service-api/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/content/dao/impl/ItemDAOImpl.java#L40">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/DS-2701-service-api/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/content/dao/impl/ItemDAOImpl.java#L40</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I also need something that produces an Iterator&lt;Item&gt; which generates the results I need.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2701">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2701</a> ] - [DS-2701] Adopt Service-based API refactor of existing Java API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; So the call from above could be altered to also take additional arguments</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; &amp; then you just need a service method above it &amp; it should work :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Just pass it down to a DAO, create an HQL query (or use the criteria) &amp; return result</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So the way we do things now is to create a method in e.g. ItemService, which wraps something in ItemDAO.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Well IF a database query is needed to retrieve something yes you pass it on to the DAO</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But I can't talk to the DAO directly, from UI code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* shepherdk (~kim@ec2-184-73-177-234.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; THat is why you need to pass through the services</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Becauses sometimes there is a need for additional “business” logic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; At the ItemService level, it seems like it might be a good idea to find a better "name" for what that OAI result set is.   So, e.g. there's "findAll()" "findBySubmitter()" already.... this OAI query looks like a "findDiscoverable()" plus a "findWithdrawn()"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And the service shouldn't offer something such as findMany().</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The OAI query is almost a "findDiscoverableOrWithdrawn()" method.  Though, not sure if it's even possible to just tease that apart into two methods</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; More like findArchivedOrWithdrawnAndDiscoverable with an optional date modified</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; But you COULD create a service method which delegates to the DAO for that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't think we should have a generic "findMany(in_archive,withdrawn,discoverable,date)" method...as I worry about UIs making different "decisions" on what "in_archive" vs "withdrawn" vs "discoverable" flags "mean"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; hi all, what are we talking about?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Actually findMany takes a JPQL argument.  Even worse than you thought. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; shepherdk: we're a bit on a tangent regarding how to refactor OAI to support Services API... since mhwood is the first to "jump in" and is starting with OAI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; ah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: my point though is that ItemService probably shouldn't give a public method that lets UIs decide the meaning of "in_archive", "withdrawn" and "discoverable" (by passing in whatever values they think is "best" for the UI).  Instead, we should wrap those descisions into the ItemService method itself.  Does that make sense? (or am I missing something myself)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, actually I think it's not a tangent; I think many of us are going to run into complex queries up near the user and we will need to know the rules for doing them in the new model.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes I think that makes sense.  I also think the services are going to bristle with identical-sounding methods that will take some time to sort through every time one wants to do something.  That's what happens when you replace a language with methods embodying specific sentences of the language.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Notice I didn't say that's bad.  Probably it just takes some getting used to.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Right, I agree, there may be some of that...but we'll just have to see how many methods we truly *do need* across all these UIs...I'm hoping that it'll be a smaller set than we may think right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it sounds like we have a general direction for OAI? Is there more feedback needed here, mhwood?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; The databaseManager calls are limited from the UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I only think the rest api &amp; oai query the item</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; No, that's enough for me to get into trouble and ask more specific questions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: feel free to ask more questions as you go. I think it helps us all learn this &amp; come up with common "best practices" to strive for</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Agreed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; FYI: For now I created the methods I need on the services, but the easy thing about having it in a service is that IF we get our single UI up &amp; running we should be easily able to see which methods aren’t used anymore</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, are there other questions/thoughts to share on the Services API stuff?  Or do we all just start digging in &amp; asking questions?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, I will just keep inventing new methods to encapsulate these queries.  Perhaps patterns will emerge.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; mhwood: is there a github branch some of us can follow your work on to help people jumping into other modules later?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Not yet shepherdk but I should do that next.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Making a mess and asking questions is my usual approach. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; shepherdk: we are all obviously going to be merging to the shared feature branch, so once mhwood is "done" his work will show up there. But, in the meantime, yea, there's not as much visibility yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; mhwood++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; here's that shared feature branch again: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/DS-2701-service-api">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/DS-2701-service-api</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/DSpace at DS-2701-service-api · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/DS-2701-service-api">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/DS-2701-service-api</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2701">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2701</a> ] - [DS-2701] Adopt Service-based API refactor of existing Java API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I will make my current mess visible tonight or tomorrow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; tdonohue: right.. i just meant a branch in his own github for WIP stuff..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; @ sheperdk: &amp; some more docs are also available: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+service+based+api%3A+Porting+DSpace+modules,">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+service+based+api%3A+Porting+DSpace+modules,</a> <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api%3A+API+Changelist">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api%3A+API+Changelist</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Service based api: API Changelist - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api%3A+API+Changelist">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api%3A+API+Changelist</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; my lucene deprecation WIP is sitting in a kshepherd looking sad and lonely, waiting to be rewritten after all the big merging to master</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; You could try &amp; achieve it against the service api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In general, I think it might be a good idea for folks who are *actively working* on Services API stuff to jump into #dspace while they are doing so.  That way we can collaborate more directly and get more immediate answers. (Obviously though this is all timezone permitting, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; well.. it's spread over all the modules, so yeah that's possible, will just take time and coordination</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is there anything more we wish to discuss about Services API refactoring?  (I'll admit, I haven't had a chance to get started myself yet, but plan to do so later this week)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; One more remark: If you are really stuck on something please send it to an email</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Because I’m not in the US timezone sadly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Will do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV: sounds good. I'd just recommend copying in -devel on any emails, so we can all learn :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Ofc !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I’ll keep an eye out for emails so I can help where I can</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds great. Thanks again KevinVdV.  Oh, and by the way, don't forget to "check off" any modules you feel are "done" on our to-do list: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Service based api - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving along for now... next topic is mostly just an FYI on mailing list migrations to Google Groups</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Behind the scenes, as many will have noticed, i'm migrating mailing lists this week.  3 of 6 are complete.  dspace-devel is in progress now (and should be done by Fri).  dspace-tech &amp; dspace-general will be moved next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It's a bit of a slow and slightly painful process, but it'll be better once it's all done</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; i have to get over to the office now, cheers all (happy to help with the mailing list migrations where i can tdonohue, just email/irc me later if you want)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If anyone wants to chip in, I might be looking for volunteers next week to help me move over "subscribers" for -tech and -general (as both are massive lists).  It's not a fun task, but it'd save people having to sign up again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; kshepherd: you stay here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* shepherdk (~kim@ec2-184-73-177-234.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Quit: bye)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Unfortunately, one account can only (seemingly) move over 100 subscribers a day.  Hence, I would need *many* (14) accounts to move over all 1,400+ subscribers in a day. :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I could probably take a hundred.  I don't have any idea how it's done, though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I actually have a good 4-5 accounts I can use myself (and can create more dummy ones if I need to). But if others want to help out, I can hand you 100 emails to paste in when the time is right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I can take 100 as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: I can send you the instructions. It's not hard, just a bit time-consuming... adding all 100 will probably take ~10-15mins</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; &lt;= needs to run ….all work &amp; no sleep makes Kevin a dull boy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C5104D.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. Thanks though mhwood &amp; terry-b. I'll loop you in when I need you. Unfortunately though, I *have* to migrate the full archives of each list *first*. So, the timeline will be next week sometime (likely mid-to-late next week, but I'll let you know)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And I'll likely ping others on #dspace that day as well :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The last announcement for today is just a reminder of the next DSpace UI Working Group meeting.  It's next Tues, at 15UTC.  Reminder will also be sent across mailing lists later this week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Beyond that,  I didn't have any further topics to bring up.  Anyone have something to discuss or questions?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I now have a DS-2701-oai-main branch that should contain the current state of my work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2701">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2701</a> ] - [DS-2701] Adopt Service-based API refactor of existing Java API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks mhwood! Want to paste the full link in here (for anyone not aware of your GitHub id)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; <a href="https://github.com/mwoodiupui/DSpace/tree/DS-2701-oai-main">https://github.com/mwoodiupui/DSpace/tree/DS-2701-oai-main</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ mwoodiupui/DSpace at DS-2701-oai-main · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/mwoodiupui/DSpace/tree/DS-2701-oai-main">https://github.com/mwoodiupui/DSpace/tree/DS-2701-oai-main</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2701">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2701</a> ] - [DS-2701] Adopt Service-based API refactor of existing Java API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As I'm not hearing any other discussion topics, we'll close the meeting early today.  Those of you who have volunteered for the Service API refactor, please do let us know if you hit any issues &amp; ask questions!  Hopefully we'll have many modules fixed by next week's meeting!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-178-45-117.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-gplpduhvbwnchcyo) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>