<span class="irc-date">[5:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-veqjdztmmksqzequ) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hobana.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hobana.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hobana.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hobana.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-veqjdztmmksqzequ) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-slgxqjvpurephsku) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-212-150-72.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@128.206.253.73) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@128.206.253.73) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rfyuiplfeycxziuq) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kdweeks (~Adium@2001:468:c80:a103:2ca1:ff1f:784e:7737) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-160190.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~anonymous@55d43a5a.access.ecotel.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~anonymous@55d43a5a.access.ecotel.net) Quit (Quit: pbecker)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* monikam_ (~Monika_Me@monika.Princeton.EDU) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C5104D.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome. It's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Meeting: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-08-05">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-08-05</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2015-08-05 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-08-05">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-08-05</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As previously noted (via email / last week), we'll kick things off today by talking about the Services API refactoring from @mire / KevinVdV. <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Service based api - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This is an opportunity for anyone to voice your opinions, provide feedback on the work, ask questions, etc.  The hope is that after this meeting, we'll have enough input to call a vote on whether to consider this API refactoring for inclusion in 6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~andrea@87.72.69.111.dynamic.snap.net.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, anyone have thoughts/feedback you'd like to share on the work?  Or pressing questions/concerns you'd like answered/resolved?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; silly question: do we vote on inclusion before a PR?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; hpottinger: my understanding was, @mire would like reassurance that this will be considered before they put more effort into it (and fair enough)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: as this is a major API refactor, I was treating this a bit different than a normal PR.  In the case of the Services API, it's gonna be hard to "visually review" *any* PR. Plus, the work won't be *completed* in the initial PR...it'll be started and still need more help to finish up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Indeed, if you want to see the code you can always checkout: <a href="https://github.com/KevinVdV/DSpace/tree/dspace-service-api">https://github.com/KevinVdV/DSpace/tree/dspace-service-api</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ KevinVdV/DSpace at dspace-service-api · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/KevinVdV/DSpace/tree/dspace-service-api">https://github.com/KevinVdV/DSpace/tree/dspace-service-api</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I imagine the phrasing of the vote would still be along the lines of, we agree to include this for 6 assuming conditions X, Y &amp; Z are met</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aschweer +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* shepherdk (~kim@213.229.69.111.dynamic.snap.net.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; agreed, my silly question was to hopefully tease out the terms of our agreement :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: it is a good clarification question :)  Hopefully that clarifies next steps?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I only had a chance to watch the webinar recording yesterday, but I really like (a) the work and (b) this approach (with the documentation+presentation up front)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hi shepherdk / kshepherd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; oh yeah, and hi everyone :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; if we're talking about service api, i agree with aschweer (and i only got a chance to watch the video yesterday too!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thus far, regarding the Services API refactoring, I've only heard positive feedback (during the webinar, during last week's meeting, etc).  I agree with everyone else that I like what I've seen, and I'd like to see this make it into 6.0 myself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* terry-b (~terry-b@71-212-24-25.tukw.qwest.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I also like what I've seen, and would love for it to make it into 6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; Ditto</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; one of my colleagues raised some performance-related concerns; apparently they've had not so great experiences with hibernate. So some load tests would be good I think, but the layered design would make it possible to switch out hibernate if there really is a problem.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* srobbins (~srobbins@libstfsdg02.library.illinois.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, that being said, this is a *major* refactor of the API, and it'll take work on our ends (to help clean up other UIs/interfaces that need refactoring). So, I really was wanting to tease out *any* concerns that may be in folks minds.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; the timeframe is really short</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; aschweer: indeed I just chose hibernate because it was the “most popular” one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aschweer: good to know / be aware of</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 3 months to feature freeze</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; You already voiced mine:  it's really big, hard to review.  I would have liked to see it come in smaller pieces, but what's done is done.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; KevinVdV: makes sense to me and I agree with that reasoning -- popular technology makes it easier to get external help if needed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; mhwood: Doing this in smaller pieces was near impossible …. I just started pulling on a single thread &amp; everything came apart</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; so I had to put everything back together</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I'm a little worried about initial support (after a merge), we don't want to put the whole burden on KevinVdV. There is lots of documentation but often you don't know how good docs are until you actually try using them. I guess if we vote this in, those committers voting in favour have to commit (haha) to get at least somewhat up to speed with this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, sometimes that happens.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; talking about pulling on threads, i'm about 15-20% throught the lucene removal, i'd estimate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I think this would be rather complex to do in smaller pieces.  I think the best way to "review this" honestly will be to bang on it, help fix up other UIs/Interfaces (which will break initially)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; To help things along I have an (evernote) document that details all the changes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aschweer: @mire specifically wants/needs help with this.  The initial PR will *only* cover dspace-api and dspace-xmlui (from my understanding). Everything else will be "broken" until fixed.  So, we'll want to find someone to help on JSPUI, REST, RDF, SWORD, etc etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; tdonohue: agreed but that may be a hard sell locally (that it is a good idea to spend time on this now rather than wait until 6.0 is out and start doing upgrade work then)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; How to get a certain service &amp; which methods require which additional arguments</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; KevinVdV: how spread out is knowledge about this work within @mire? Is it mainly you (+Ben), or others too?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; aschweer:  6.0 won't *be* out until the remaining UIs work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aschweer: not sure if you got my point that this will break our build of all other UIs (initially).  So, we won't be able to release 6.0 until everything works again :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; mhwood: I realise that, just trying to figure out how to "sell" to my boss/clients that I should spend time on this...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Do we have to fix LNI?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Well I’m the primary knowledge base there are a few collaeagues that can help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; LNI is deprecated. We could just choose to remove it :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; tdonohue: I realise that too, but my clients/boss might say, well then we stay on 5 (which I'd like to avoid!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; We might still in LNI to work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I spent nearly a year working on this in my mancave at home :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; Still used for linking to CRIS systems by some UK DSpace users</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aschweer: understood.  I don't think everyone will have to chip in. but the more we can convince, the better off we are :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; KevinVdV: thanks for clarifying. It feels a bit unfair to try and get a promise of support post merge (we don't normally do this really), but given the learning curve, maybe that's needed here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 3 months to go from all UIs broken to all UIs working...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I can always help anybody who is having problems, once you “get it” it really becomes copy paste monkey work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That's what I was thinking:  we'll learn the patterns quickly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; cknowles: if we were to "remove" LNI from the main codebase, I think we should move it to a separate project in GitHub.  That way it can still be used/maintained by anyone who wants it (and optionally installed on top of DSpace)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; KevinVdV that's reassuring too. I guess it's not so much the monkey work I'm worried about, it's what happens once people port local customisations to the layered design and need help wiring them in via spring etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; tdonohue: yep think you, Robin and I have discussed this before when it was deprecated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Well if some people here pitch in, in getting the UI’s to work I think the knowledge will spread out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That's probably the easiest bit.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; aschweer: I have to assume we all have such customizations that we'll all have to re-wire... so we can all pitch in when we see a question we know the answer to?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; One of the reasons for this work is to make it easier for people to upgrade DSpace versions in the future</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* monikam_ (~Monika_Me@monika.Princeton.EDU) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Because now you can get them in smaller classes instead of overwriting classes thousands of lines long</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; So there will be some pain in the short run, but in the long run everyone wins :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; Ok, looks like this is going back to, everyone who votes in favour for considering this also agrees to become knowledgeable in this at least to some extent?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I agree to that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; i don't see that i have any other option ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aschweer +1:  Yes, it's gonna need to happen anyhow, as this *will become* the new DSpace API if we vote it in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I want to learn JPA anyway.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (so, unless you plan on never working with the DSpace API again, you'll need to learn it) ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; And yes KevinVdV, I'm definitely convinced about the need for this type of work, and I'm not saying you will dump this on us and go on a year-long vacation, I'm just trying to figure out what needs to happen in order for us to accept this into DSpace responsibly :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm glad we're talking about the details of the support now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; (sorry if I'm not being clear, it's pretty early for me -- I would like to see this in DSpace 6)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, in the vote, I plan to make it clear that we are essentially "voting in" a new API (as I see it).  We will all be expected to learn &amp; use it &amp; support it (and help fix things that are broken immediately). There is no backwards compatibility here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; tdonohue +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And help others learn it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue +1; mhwood +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; yup, that sounds great</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The role for 6.0 though is to *try* to make it "seamless" for folks who don't have to deal with the API (i.e. most users of DSpace).  So, we don't want to make Upgrades extremely painful, if we can help it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If it's done well (and I don't doubt that) then the pain should be confined to a layer boundary that most people don't see.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Which brings up one more questions.  KevinVdV...how does this work in terms of upgrades/installation?  Is it just as easy to install DSpace with this new API?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Or, is there more work to be done?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; "Upgrades" catches my attention, since we have four production instances already. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Well that depends, if you have code customizations these will need to migrated to use the new API since making backwards compatibility methods wasn’t possible. Other then that I think the only “bigger” change is that the database config has been moved to another file (hibernate config file)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; By "upgrades", I'm not talking about highly customized DSpaces...I fully realize they may need to make code changes to use the new API. I'm more considering the 90%+ that just make theme-level tweaks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; agreed re seamless -- most people probably only touch the config/theme files and maybe do some custom db queries in scripts, and it sounds like except for the UUID work, that's all staying the same (?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; tdonohue:  me too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Will api overrides be possible from the additions module?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; terry-b: yes api overrides are still posssible from the additions module, but NO need to overwrite the entire classes any more</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Just extend what is there &amp; delcare your new class in a spring config file</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Good to know.  thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV: I'm assuming "fresh install" is also not affected by this API change / hibernate in any way?  Is it still the same installation process?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I see there's a (still empty) section in the tutorials part on the wiki that looks like it will give an example for that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; fresh install (although broken at this time) is not affected</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV: ok, thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; aschweer: indeed more tutorials will follow soon (once we get some agreement if this is accepted)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; excellent, thanks KevinVdV and it's fair enough that you'd like agreement first</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; You don’t want to know how much time already went into this ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I saw a few dates in the header comments in your presentation ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; But back on the upgrades, the JSP files might be a small problem, the business logic in these files wil need to upgraded</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Might as well move it out of the JSPs where they need fixing, if it's not much more work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, regarding "agreement". I will call a vote (likely tomorrow morning, if I don't get to it tonight).  Is there anything else we should "line up"?  Do we have a list of "tasks" / ToDos that we can start getting volunteers for? (e.g. so folks can claim JSPUI or OAI or REST or whatever)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; we've mentioned other UIs/interfaces etc., what about the things like media-filter, curationtasks, etc? are they included in the initial dspace-api work or will they need volunteers too?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; media-filter, curation tasks (api layer) should all work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; ok cool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Again a lot remains untested (hence should)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; We wanted to focus on getting the XMLUI to work to show that it could work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Because just working with unit tests that work is one thing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV: what is the timeline for a PR (for dspace-api + dspace-xmlui)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; +-August 14th</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, thanks. So, it's really only a week or so away. Good to know :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; wow, you're close, then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Means that the CFV should go out *soon*.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Again not everything will work ofc, but it will be a good start to get other people to pitch in :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Well I just need a new rebase, fix the fresh install, include the xmlui changes (which a teammate of mine made) &amp; fire the pull request</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; right, makes sense. The hard part here is that this PR will *break* master (no way around that).  It's not gonna compile until we fix everything</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; from my notes from last week, I show we wanted to merge this work sometime between 8/17 and 9/04</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Were we going to do a branch for this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we could do a feature branch and leave master alone...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; that's a maintenance chore, but might be prudent</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; But IF we do a feature branch, please oh please freeze master …. every rebase is so hard …</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, we could a separate feature branch, but we *need* to avoid letting it sit around too long.  The quicker this all gets into "master" the better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But we want to merge as soon as we have something basically non-broken, and do frequent merges after that until there's no strong reason to keep the branch.  It should not take long.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, we'll have to essentially "freeze" master temporarily here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; KevinVdV is right, for work of this magnitude, this is no ordinary rebase</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; i'm getting a bad feeling about that lucene search removal work i'd been doing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Yeah you will need to rework some of those changes I fear ….</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; i guess this means i get it in *before* aug 14th if i want to avoid throwing it out / resolving a million conflicts ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; i did sort of see that coming</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; lol, race time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Is the lucene that hard wired into the Dspace ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, shepherdk has volunteered for DS-2187.  Remove Lucene</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Isn’t it just a matter of deleting the DSIndexer &amp; DSQuery (I think it is called) classes &amp; all their dependencies ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2187">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2187</a> ] - [DS-2187] Remove deprecated Lucene search index support - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I would be interested to see how these conflict.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; KevinVdV: pretty much, there are just other things that you notice once you start tugging on threads as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I doubt you'd hit *too* many conflicts overall, to be honest. There may be some, but it seems like it should be "rebase-able"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; hopefully not too bad, we'll see anyway</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; If you have questions I assume you have my email</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I have a similar issue forthcoming with my "tugging on the thread that is configuration"... see DSPR#991 ;)  But, I'm just going to wait for Services API and then refactor my work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/991">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/991</a> ] - DS-2654 : Reloadable Configurations via Apache Commons Configuration by tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, hey, 6.0 might have a ton of "unraveling" that makes this all easier in the future ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; yeah, looks like maybe we should have saved up that 2.0 version after all ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; In spare time I've been pulling code out of DSpaceKernel and friends in big handfuls, but I don't think it will collide badly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; mwhood: No I haven’t touched the kernel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Only needed to make sure it allowed circular references of beans</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm idly curious what this change will do to MDS</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; KevinVdV: basically, re: lucene removal: removing classes and dependencies, configs, sitemap references etc. is the easy part - finding all the usages, and the things that depend on them, and the things that depend on them, etc... gets more convuluted. so that's where i'm having to touch many other classes, including in XMLUI, and i guess they'll all look a lot different in your branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; but it should hopefully be fine, especially if i merge before you, teehee</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Yeah … somebody will need to rebase …. but I do hope it isn’t me :p</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; words to live by</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it seems like we are getting towards "wrapping up" this discussion.  Next steps: (1) Tim will call a vote on dspace-commit (or dspace-devel?).  (2) Assuming all goes well, we should "freeze" master temporarily, and rapidly work to help get this into "master" (likely via a temporary feature branch).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; is there a github function for freezing a branch?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think I might just hold this vote in public on dspace-devel? Thoughts, Committers? Is there any reason to keep this a private vote?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; i think public is good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 public, do we let the community vote?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Well you want to make sure that IF a non committer votes, he/she understands the changes/benefit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I was going to ask, who can vote?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Because if people vote no because of fear for change …..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; that's good info to have, honestly, if there are vetos, we need to figure out why</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; i was assuming same voting rules, but not hidden on dspace-commit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; shepherdk++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; so the only difference would be that it's public which committer voted what?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Perhaps also make a reason for +1/0/-1 mandatory ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I doubt we're gonna have many votes.  But, to be clear, only Committers have vetoes. Community members cannot veto anything, but they can feel free to vote yes/no, and we'll take their thoughts into consideration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; ah ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; have many *community* votes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; aschweer: that's a good point i guess</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; tdonohue: ok that sounds good to me, just make it clear in the e-mail :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; What will be the voting rules ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sure, I can make it clear in the email, aschweer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Normal voting rules apply: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Developer+Voting+Procedures">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Developer+Voting+Procedures</a>  (except only Committers hold vetoes... so -1 from a community member is just a negative opinion vote)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Developer Voting Procedures - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Developer+Voting+Procedures">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Developer+Voting+Procedures</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; KevinVdV++, committers should at least include a comment/reason with their vote</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (See *Votes on code modifications* in the Voting Procedures)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; maybe I should update this Voting Procedures page first, to make it clear that only Committers hold vetoes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Indeed, because I honestly don’t want to see this worked schelfed if one person doesn’t like it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (as a -1 from a community member will not cause the vote to fail)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; &amp; what if the vote should fail due to a veto of one person ? (hypothecially)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; if there is a committer veto, negotiations begin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Find out what is objectionable and try to fix it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; technically, that could still happen.. if the one person is a committer. i seriously doubt it will though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Look at this from the other end:  there is no other way for the code to go in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll cross that when it comes to it.  But, yes, it tends to go into negotiations.  I doubt we'll see a veto too, but we'll see</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; mhwood: ofc, ofc, just wondering</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Want to know what we are in for if it does happen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm curious about this note about voting on new releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think that if there is a veto, there will be a lot of pressure to resolve it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue is realizing that since we state we follow Apache voting rules, only Committers actually hold "binding votes"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; According to Apache Rules: "Who is permitted to vote is, to some extent, a community-specific thing. However, the basic rule is that only PMC members have binding votes, and all others are either discouraged from voting (to keep the noise down) or else have their votes considered of an indicative or advisory nature only."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It doesn't mean the end of the proposal; it means there is a serious objection to be addressed.  Lots of people want this.  They will work to make it happen.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "PMC" is our Committers Group essentially for us</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'll clarify all this in the vote. But, we'll do a public vote.  Anyone can vote, but only Committer votes are "binding".  Non-Committer votes are just considered "advisory" in nature</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; mhwood +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; advisory/preferential votes are still useful though.. and still keep things public, let the community at large engage a bit instead of just "finding out one day"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Ok agreed, everything is clear for me now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; shepherdk +1  I agree. I'll just clarify my language a bit in the vote.  I still don't want to *discourage* Community members from voting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; tdonohue: yeah that wording seems a bit too harsh to me too.. apache is a slightly different community ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Voting this one in public is in effect advising the vote method with an information-gathering aspect. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; might be worth seeing whether the e-mail phrasing can be used to improve that wiki page too?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; hpottinger: what's the new releases note? link?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; as hpottinger noted, some bits on it don't really correspond to our current practice anyway</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; (it is a good starting point, just maybe it's time to revisit the wording)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; oh i see it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Developer+Voting+Procedures">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Developer+Voting+Procedures</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Developer Voting Procedures - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Developer+Voting+Procedures">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Developer+Voting+Procedures</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 2. Votes on a new release - proposals require a majority are in favor (and at least three +1 votes have been cast)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; wut?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; tweaks to language of our voting procedures is welcome (throw them my way)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; hpottinger: right, that comes from <a href="http://www.apache.org/foundation/voting.html#ReleaseVotes">http://www.apache.org/foundation/voting.html#ReleaseVotes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Apache Voting Process ] - <a href="http://www.apache.org/foundation/voting.html#ReleaseVotes">http://www.apache.org/foundation/voting.html#ReleaseVotes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; #2 essentially means: "Majority opinion rules, but at least three Committers should be in favor of the release"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (But #2 doesn't allow for "vetoes")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; apache rules also say releases can't be vetoed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Vetoes *only* apply to code changes. They do not apply to releases or policy changes (both of which fall under "majority rules")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; sorry, my comment is mainly a distraction, I don't recall ever voting on a release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Add it to the release procedure.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we never formally vote on a release, true...but we do discuss whether we think we are ready in meetings ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, we're already over one hour here...and I did want to mention the SourceForge to Google Groups migration (for mailing lists)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Assuming no objections, I plan to start migrating our mailing lists one-by-one in the coming weeks.  Likely starting at dspace-commit and other lower traffic lists</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; dspace-general and dspace-tech will wait until the end.  Both are massive and may require us to "take down" the list temporarily  to migrate them fully</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (temporarily = one day at most)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any objections? Final concerns here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; no objections here, i think sourceforge is basically a risk for dspace right now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; no objections from me either, I don't think Google Groups is awesome but it's the best option we have</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; no objections</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; btw, my sourceforge account is nearly half as old as i am (random fact of the day)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I have nothng to add.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree with both points, shepherdk and aschweer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; yeah i'm not big on google groups, but.. can't think of a better suggestion so will go with majority opinion on that ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm mostly choosing GG cause its the "known entity" in our space.  Everyone else uses it, so if we hit problems, we can turn to Fedora, Hydra, Islandora, etc. etc to see how they dealt with it too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; yeah. The only real alternative would be Duraspace running its own mailman I guess, and that definitely isn't a good use of Duraspace time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I have to go.  Cheers, all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; For new users, the searchable archive may be easier to locate in GG</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Last quick note for today: As announced on dspace-general, the first UI Working Group meeting will be Monday (Aug 10) at 15UTC.  Anyone is welcome to attend. We hope to get this Working Group established/kicked off via that meeting and thus start the UI pilot process</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; cheers mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; are there plans for recording the meeting? 15UTC is pretty much the worst time possible in this part of the world</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: I'll be on vacation on the 10th, but would love to participate later on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; (or at least minutes, or something)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; so there is a working group now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; or this meeting is to establish a working group?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aschweer: sorry, I know. :(  There will definitely be minutes.  The time was decided based on a quick survey of anyone who told Jonathan or I they wanted to be part of the UI piloting process (at OR15)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; this meeting is to establish the working group.  One does not yet exist</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We just have a list of folks who expressed interest in helping. The goal of the meeting is to bring those folks together (and any others interested) to formalize it a bit more</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; tdonohue fair enough. This may have to be a case of, I'd love to be a part of this but I'm really not sure I can put time towards it. But it would be great to have a way of knowing what's being discussed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; To clarify though, *anyone* will still be welcome to take part in pilots, or offer advice/thoughts.  I'll make sure there's opportunities for that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; yeah, i think we always lose out on that front ;) i am still interested, but will just have to see what happens.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The goal of the working group is really to help us formalize the process of how to kick off pilots, etc. The "draft" working group charge is at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+UI+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+UI+Working+Group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace UI Working Group - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+UI+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+UI+Working+Group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; this is going to be a busy Fall</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, even if you are not on the working group, you can still be on a pilot project, etc.  There's also no requirement to be on a pilot project if you choose to be on the Working Group.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yes. you said it :)  I wish there was a better way.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; tdonohue: thanks for clarifying, that is helpful (I hadn't read the page, I saw 3am and thought ok I can't be a part of that anyway)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, anything else anyone has to bring up for today?  We're now 15+ mins over, so I won't bring up any more topics myself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; jsut that i'm sorry about DS-2694 if that was my fault</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2694">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2694</a> ] - [DS-2694] DSpace 5.3 Source Code Download Issue - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; shepherdk: nope, not your fault</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; i did so much testing, but testing validity of image files in distribution zips was not one of the things i thought to test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; shepherdk: nope. It was our Maven assembly config's fault</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; and it seemed to get reported+fixed while i was blissfully unaware and asleep, so i just woke up one morning to read about it ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; ok that's cool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood had figured it out previously for *.zip files...we just never realized it also affected all image files. But, luckily mhwood had a quick fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, hearing no other topics, we'll close up today's meeting. I'll still be around for a while, if anything comes up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; cheers all, better get to the office before they notice i'm not there ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; tdonohue: happy to be note taker for Monday's meeting if you need a volunteer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Is going to sleep because in this part of the world it is already 23:21 &amp; I need to work tomorrow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; cknowles: wow! a note taker volunteer prior to the meeting, I like it! :)  Yes, we'll gladly take you up on that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C5104D.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; thanks in advance cknowles :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; If I volunteer for the small things I don't have to do the big ones, right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; hehe</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; perhaps true :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; i should note that cknowles has done even more good work on the UI functionality mapping spreadsheet thingy, and i have been not-so-good at keeping up and adding to it (but i will try)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; Not added anything for a wee while though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; two observations: you lot are in the loggeed channel, and the meeting is over ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; sorry?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; anyway, yes, i need to go to work. cheers all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm not complaining, just, you know, that bot there is nosey.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger points at DuraLogBot.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~andrea@87.72.69.111.dynamic.snap.net.nz) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* shepherdk (~kim@213.229.69.111.dynamic.snap.net.nz) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-160190.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-212-150-72.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kdweeks (~Adium@2001:468:c80:a103:2ca1:ff1f:784e:7737) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-slgxqjvpurephsku) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
