<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2015-01-28
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[1:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lyncodev (027d6e11@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.2.125.110.17) Quit (Quit: <a href="http://www.kiwiirc.com/">http://www.kiwiirc.com/</a> - A hand crafted IRC client)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lyncodev (027d6e11@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.2.125.110.17) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lyncodev (027d6e11@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.2.125.110.17) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lyncodev (027d6e11@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.2.125.110.17) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lyncodev (027d6e11@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.2.125.110.17) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lyncodev (027d6e11@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.2.125.110.17) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lyncodev (027d6e11@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.2.125.110.17) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lyncodev (027d6e11@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.2.125.110.17) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lyncodev (027d6e11@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.2.125.110.17) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lyncodev (027d6e11@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.2.125.110.17) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lyncodev (027d6e11@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.2.125.110.17) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (~kim@ec2-184-73-177-234.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:54]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:54]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:54]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:54]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Eike|2 (~kvirc@srv-clst-301-data4.zhaw.ch) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Eike|2 (~kvirc@srv-clst-301-data4.zhaw.ch) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lyncodev (c24b26fa@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.194.75.38.250) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lyncodev (c24b26fa@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.194.75.38.250) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kostasp (5e44f33c@gateway/web/freenode/ip.94.68.243.60) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lyncodev (c24b26fa@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.194.75.38.250) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kostasp (5e44f33c@gateway/web/freenode/ip.94.68.243.60) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lyncodev (c24b26fa@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.194.75.38.250) Quit (Quit: <a href="http://www.kiwiirc.com/">http://www.kiwiirc.com/</a> - A hand crafted IRC client)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lyncodev (c24b26fa@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.194.75.38.250) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lyncodev (c24b26fa@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.194.75.38.250) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lyncodev (c24b26fa@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.194.75.38.250) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (81d7fa56@gateway/web/freenode/ip.129.215.250.86) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV_ (~kevin@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162188.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; hey, looky there, it's 15UTC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's 15:00UTC, which means it's time for our weekly DSpace Dev Mtg.  Agenda for today at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-01-28">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-01-28</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2015-01-28 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-01-28">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-01-28</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First and foremost, I figured it might be good to chat about 5.1 (or any recent bugs/issues found in 5.0).  Seems like we've stumbled on a few issues that might need some fixing in the nearish future</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 5.1++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One just discovered yesterday, for example: DS-2427 which "breaks" DSpace 5 (possibly earlier versions) if you have two DSpace DBs in different schemas in Oracle</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2427">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2427</a> ] - [DS-2427] DSpace API does not always filter results by the DB schema of current connection - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* srobbins (~Adium@mobile-130-126-255-147.near.illinois.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I also notice some other bugs/issues have come in recently which need some more attention, and possibly would be worth including in a 5.1 release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; a few others include, LDAP auto-registration issues (DS-2421 -- needs someone to help out), Mirage 2 build issues (DS-2428)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2421">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2421</a> ] - [DS-2421] LDAPAuthentication Plugin only supports auto-registration for Hierarchical LDAP settings - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2428">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2428</a> ] - [DS-2428] Mirage 2 build problem - timeout error - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: maybe we should do a quick roll-call? I'm wondering who might be at their keyboards right now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pinging helix84, KevinVdV_, lyncodev, robint....just curious which Committers are in the mtg ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; also pbecker :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV_&gt; Present !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Hi tdonohue, just finishing something, back in 5 mins</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, for those present, any other issues you are aware of that we should aim for a 5.1 release?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, anyone around (Committer or non-Committer) who is willing to help investigate or find a fix for DS-2421 (reading the code, it looks like a bug to me, but I don't have an LDAP to test against)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2421">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2421</a> ] - [DS-2421] LDAPAuthentication Plugin only supports auto-registration for Hierarchical LDAP settings - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV_&gt; Is there a list somewhere from all issues with 5.0 ? Might make things easier</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-22201</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-22201">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-22201</a> ] - Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; whoops, DS-2201</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2201">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2201</a> ] - [DS-2201]  Unable to complete installation of DSpace with non-empty variable &amp;quot;db.schema&amp;quot; configuration file &amp;quot;build.properties&amp;quot; - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; how is it that we still have a blocker?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-2131</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2131">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2131</a> ] - [DS-2131] SWORDv2 ingestion fails with NullPointerException - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV_ the list of open issues with "5.0" as an "affected version" is actually a bit long (as includes some longstanding issues / things in discussion)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, here's the 50 open bug tickets tagged "affecting 5.0": <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20DS%20AND%20issuetype%20%3D%20Bug%20AND%20resolution%20%3D%20Unresolved%20AND%20affectedVersion%20%3D%205.0%20ORDER%20BY%20due%20ASC%2C%20priority%20DESC%2C%20created%20ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20DS%20AND%20issuetype%20%3D%20Bug%20AND%20resolution%20%3D%20Unresolved%20AND%20affectedVersion%20%3D%205.0%20ORDER%20BY%20due%20ASC%2C%20priority%20DESC%2C%20created%20ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20DS%20AND%20issuetype%20%3D%20Bug%20AND%20resolution%20%3D%20Unresolved%20AND%20affectedVersion%20%3D%205.0%20ORDER%20BY%20due%20ASC%2C%20priority%20DESC%2C%20created%20ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20DS%20AND%20issuetype%20%3D%20Bug%20AND%20resolution%20%3D%20Unresolved%20AND%20affectedVersion%20%3D%205.0%20ORDER%20BY%20due%20ASC%2C%20priority%20DESC%2C%20created%20ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2131 does sound like something to quickly resolve...thanks hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I've updated 2131 as "critical" and marked fix for 5.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I tagged it as low hanging fruit, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's everything currently flagged as "fix for 5.1": <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+fixVersion+%3D+5.1+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+ORDER+BY+due+ASC%2C+priority+DESC%2C+created+ASC&amp;mode=hide">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+fixVersion+%3D+5.1+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+ORDER+BY+due+ASC%2C+priority+DESC%2C+created+ASC&amp;mode=hide</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+fixVersion+%3D+5.1+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+ORDER+BY+due+ASC%2C+priority+DESC%2C+created+ASC&amp;mode=hide">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+fixVersion+%3D+5.1+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+ORDER+BY+due+ASC%2C+priority+DESC%2C+created+ASC&amp;mode=hide</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV_&gt; I think I got a fix for 2131</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV_&gt; Hold on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV_ : feel free to claim it &amp; submit a PR then, please</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; PRs much appreciated, thanks ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I guess the big question here is twofold:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (1) Are there any bugs you are aware of that we should get an *immediate* fix to (i.e. means we should release a 5.1 ASAP)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-2427</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2427">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2427</a> ] - [DS-2427] DSpace API does not always filter results by the DB schema of current connection - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (2) Also, it'd be really helpful for folks to help by claiming / volunteering for anything marked "fix for 5.1".  There's a lot there, and we'll need more volunteers to get most of these into 5.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* srobbins (~Adium@mobile-130-126-255-147.near.illinois.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* srobbins (~Adium@mobile-130-126-255-147.near.illinois.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2427 does seem like a major bug...and it should be an easy fix (but will require a lot of help testing it, as it's a fix in the *DatabaseManager*, and that shouldn't be taken lightly)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-22011, DS-2427, DS-2218 all kind of fit together</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-22011">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-22011</a> ] - Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2427">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2427</a> ] - [DS-2427] DSpace API does not always filter results by the DB schema of current connection - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2218">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2218</a> ] - [DS-2218] Unable to use command &amp;quot;update-handle-prefix&amp;quot; - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I can probably claim 2427 &amp; create a PR (but will need help testing it).... 2201 has a PR (which should just be merged)... 2218 also has a PR (which needs testing)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; count me in for testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: well, you can already test 2218, if you have time. I'll get a 2427 PR done (hopefully today)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: and technically, yesterday you tested 2201's PR. You should probably just merge it, as you verified the problem/fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; on it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any other bugs folks want to highlight as "must fix" soon?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll again mention DS-2421, just cause now ~3 different people have hit the same exact problem on dspace-tech and IRC in the last 1-2 weeks.  There's a definite issue here, but it needs a volunteer who has an LDAP handy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2421">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2421</a> ] - [DS-2421] LDAPAuthentication Plugin only supports auto-registration for Hierarchical LDAP settings - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; should we revert DSPR#721?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/721">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/721</a> ] - [DS-2201] added config advice to warn oracle users against using schema by hardyoyo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: we may want to *correct* that comment about Oracle, yes.  Probably should have some explanation about how "db.schema" *can* be used with Oracle</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: so, maybe a new PR to fix the language</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I can, or maybe we can fit it into your PR for DS-2427?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2427">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2427</a> ] - [DS-2427] DSpace API does not always filter results by the DB schema of current connection - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I can fit it into 2427, that's fine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'll help with the wording, if necessary</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes its really quiet here today...seems as most folks are quite distracted or busy :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncodev&gt; Just watching really, at work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh hi, lyncodev... if there's anything you feel would be ready to fix in the JSPUI for 5.1, let us know.  I recall recently you had volunteered for a few JSPUI bugs (which were sitting around unclaimed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncodev&gt; Yes, 2 to be precise</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I couldn't remember how many...but I knew it was more than one ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncodev&gt; I am facing some technical challenges to deploy dspace locally in the last weeks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DSPR#712 merged, I will cherry-pick and push 3d61404 to the 5_x branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/712">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/712</a> ] - DS-2201: Unable to complete installation of DSpace with non-empty variable &amp;quot;db.schema&amp;quot; configuration file &amp;quot;build.properties&amp;quot; by ctu-developers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncodev&gt; Hope to get that fixed quickly and give some feedback</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, regarding 5.1, I'd encourage us all to start getting bugs fixed &amp; reviewing PRs to push to "dspace-5_x" branch.  Personally, it does seem like we may want to push out a 5.1 in the next few weeks or so, especially to fix the schema issues related to Oracle</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; lyncodev: sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Since we are a small group here, it seems like there's likely not much more to discuss around 5.0 or 5.1.  But, I'll pause for a moment in case anyone has any last things to mention with it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; well, just so people know, the issue with 2427 does have a configuration workaround</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yea, I'd be pushing for an *immediate* 5.1, if 2427 didn't have a workaround.  Luckily it does</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and you *can* always just not have more than one schema :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, we have a general idea of "soon" do we have enough info to pick a date?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, not hearing anything else specific to DSpace 5 right now...but, please, if anyone (Committer or non-Committer) wants to claim one of these tickets (or any bug ticket really) and send us a PR, we'll try to get it into 5.1!  Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yes, it's bug fix season, go fix some bugs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: it might be best to get 2427 fixed first. I *think* it's easy, but will take time to test.   Right now I'd just say, a 5.1 might be good to release by mid-to-late February</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (i.e. 2-4 weeks from now)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; let's aim for late Feb, I'll be out in the middle of Feb</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds reasonable, honestly. Just want to be sure we keep chugging away at these bugs and getting them fixed on dspace-5_x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, moving along now from 5 discussions...we've got about 20mins left....so, might as well move along to the other bigger topic I had put on the agenda:  "Brainstorming around DSpace's UI for the future"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First, a small amount of background (which is also in the agenda)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1. I've mentioned this before, but we have a new DSpace Steering Group established just last year</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2. While they are still getting their "feet wet" as a Steering Group, they've immediately pointed to the fact that supporting 2 "out-of-the-box" UIs is a bit hard, and we're basically "splitting" our limited developer resources</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV_&gt; ==&gt; needs to run first PR for 5.1 from is in !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV_ (~kevin@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV_)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 3. While *nothing* is set in stone here (this literally is just a brainstorm), the Steering Group has been wondering what we'd like to see out of a DSpace UI going forward, and they've been recommending we really may want to just support *ONE* UI by default</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: that will involve a fight :-\</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bapuvxgdcnjfoxon) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; hi all. (distracted on a group phone call) But I'll try to follow along</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 4. As both our existing UIs are now dated (even though they've seen some redesign recently to use Bootstrap)... JSPUI is 13+years old, XMLUI is 7+ years old... this is not JUST a question of "JSPUI vs XMLUI, which is better?"  It's also the possibility to say "maybe we should investigate other options?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 5. The timeline for this is really also not set in stone...we're not talking anything immediate here..so, please don't get scared that XMLUI or JSPUI is "going away now!".  The reality is that this will all be discussed in much more detail with the community before *anything* gets decided upon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; With all that said...I've started a brainstorming page at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Brainstorms+on+a+Future+UI">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Brainstorms+on+a+Future+UI</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Brainstorms on a Future UI - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Brainstorms+on+a+Future+UI">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Brainstorms+on+a+Future+UI</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This page is completely public...*anyone* is welcome to add their own ideas, thoughts, wishes, etc.  It is all about "laying it all on the table" and starting to look at our options.  Then, we'll eventually start narrowing things down and deciding what to do from there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In the next 15 mins, you are also welcome to bring up any ideas/brainstorms that you may have right now.  I'll try to be "quiet" now and listen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (Or if you have questions, pose those too, really)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; in case you're just skimming along or catching up on the log of the meeting, note that the page that tdonohue just linked contains a few blocks for voting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, and in the giant table of "possible options to analyze" there's an area for "Personal Opinions" on each of the options</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; There's a lot of parity between XMLUI and JSPUI (jspui has seen a lot of catch up in the past year). Both have their faults in terms of not encouraging rapid development. I think JSPUI is easier to get started with, but has DIY programming vs using modern development patterns. XMLUI's sitemap stuff + xslt gives it a higher learning curve.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, I'd agree with that peterdietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; The WebMVC / Freemarker project (still alpha/beta right) did provide a nice direction, for clean code, that would be easier to maintain and support. But hasn't seen adoption</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Then, the next idea is for 3rd party UI's, which opens the floodgates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I've heard of some experimental work replacing Cocoon with Spring WebMVC (hope I got the name right there)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, here's a specific question to ask everyone (while you are thinking):  Do you feel we should move to only distributing ONE UI with DSpace (but with the possibility that others could still maintain separate third-party UIs)?  Or do you feel we should continue distributing TWO UIs with DSpace (as we have done since DSpace 1.5 days)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lyncodev (c24b26fa@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.194.75.38.250) Quit (Quit: <a href="http://www.kiwiirc.com/">http://www.kiwiirc.com/</a> - A hand crafted IRC client)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I like the idea of a single UI, and I'd also like to speak up for the notion of a UI coming along with the box</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; FYI the "WebMVC" project that peterdietz mentions is "alpha/beta" and now 4 years old (a bit outdated). It was a Google Summer of Code project, and its code is still in GitHub but has been unmaintained: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/webmvc">https://github.com/DSpace/webmvc</a>  (But, that being said, it could be revived if we felt it useful)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/webmvc · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/webmvc">https://github.com/DSpace/webmvc</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I would say the ultimate goal is for your UI to be passing/pleasing for your low-budget school. Just wanting to add their own branding. Potentially also wanting to be able to spend a semester adding their own unique feature. So from their perspective, make sure it just works, and they can slightly extend.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: in my opinion, DSpace would *always* include an UI out-of-the-box.  That's part of what makes DSpace an "out-of-the-box" solution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1, I just want to be sure that we're not talking about just shipping a black box</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no, the Steering Group has been very key on the fact that DSpace is *the* out-of-the-box repository solution. It must be easy to install and get up and running, and that implies no "black box"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; peterdietz I think hits on a key point, maybe we need to outline the goals of this single UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, on that page, I had started to outline some of the "needs" out of a single UI... see the "What makes a good UI (framework)?".  But, yes, we could add even more generic "use cases" (like "easy to theme for a low-budget school", etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think it's very important to have the software toolset/framework to solidify this notion of "this is what a repository *is*"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there other "use cases" / goals you see out of a Single UI?  I heard the "easy to brand/theme" use case.  Others?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* srobbins (~Adium@mobile-130-126-255-147.near.illinois.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think "developer friendly" encapsulates the idea of "simple to modify the business logic"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; but, we might make it more explicit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (FYI, I'm writing these down...will find a way to fit this all into the Brainstorm page, perhaps as a "use cases" section or similar</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Larger schools with development resources, and vendors that work on boutique solutions can make-do with the existing UI's, but, there are better solutions/approaches available with today's technology for tackling new needs. Ideally the community-UI, and the developer-friendly-UI are the same stack. It would be a hard sell to have your out-of-the-box</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; solution, and then the 3rd-party solution. But maybe we're saying the UI could use some renovation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Nobody wants to spend a 2 year project to make a new UI, and then see no adoption. But. I've noticed there are a number of forks in the fire, so to speak, with people building off of REST. Those don't have to be "the DSpace solution", but rather, here's your interface, build what you want.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; i.e. Bruno's rails-dspace-rest-gem announced today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: yea, ideally the "community-UI" and "developer-friendly-UI" are the same stack.  But, I think there are *opportunities* for vendors / larger schools to create a "secondary" UI (which they support and release *separate* from DSpace "default UI").</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: but the general message of this whole brainstorm is... *both* UIs could use some renovation, and we probably want to move to just shipping with ONE UI.  So, where do we go from here? Do we renovate XMLUI? Do we renovate JSPUI? Do we move to something else?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I did just see that "dspace" gem for Ruby on Rails. Pretty neat! <a href="https://gitlab.c3sl.ufpr.br/bnzanette/dspace-rest-client">https://gitlab.c3sl.ufpr.br/bnzanette/dspace-rest-client</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Bruno Nocera Zanette / dspace-rest-client | GitLab ] - <a href="https://gitlab.c3sl.ufpr.br/bnzanette/dspace-rest-client">https://gitlab.c3sl.ufpr.br/bnzanette/dspace-rest-client</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lyncodev (c24b26fa@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.194.75.38.250) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue is noticing we are now at 16UTC, which means we'd unfortunately need to wrap up the meeting/discussion soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I would say that most active developers on #dspace irc use XMLUI, but there is an active group that also maintains jspui regularly. So, each UI gets regular attention.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: so, does that imply you favor continuing to maintain two UIs, even if that means we now need to renovate two UIs?  Just curious</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I don't see how you could technologically "merge" JSPUI and XMLUI. You could have some group make a decision to "officially" abandon one or the other. But there are a fair number of users/developers/committers using both</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Hi all, managed to miss the whole meeting :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; A third option is to have DSpace ship out-of-the-box with some new UI, that is somehow better than jspui/xmlui. It would take resources to build such a thing though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; robint: skim like you mean it, good discussion going on now :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; hpottinger: just catching up on UI chat</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; ...But, based on one data point, of Bruno. External groups could build their own UI/integration based on REST. This doesn't weaken or dilute DSpace's value proposition.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; to be clear...in my opinion, XMLUI and JSPUI will likely "live on" to some extent, no matter what we decide.  Hypothetically speaking, if we decided to "retire" on or the other, what we'd actually do is just split it out into a separate GitHub project (e.g. DSpace/dspace-xmlui or DSpace/dspace-jspui).  If developers wanted to continue to maintain either, we'd give them Commit rights there to do so.  But, we'd start to "ship" a new </span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@adsl-99-1-99-203.dsl.ipltin.sbcglobal.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* srobbins (~Adium@mobile-130-126-255-147.near.illinois.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: I'm still unclear about how this whole steering group thing is going to work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: what are your questions?...I'm glad to answer to the best of my ability ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; DSpace has largely hrown organically as far as I can see</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; So, wait-and-see would find out if external groups build something cool. And next year, your low-budget-school says, hey, I like this Brazil-UI better than XML-UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; hrown/grown</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes that even know we are "overtime" it looks like a few folks just got here...so, maybe we continue this discussion until folks need to depart</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Not sure how a steering group can lead such a disparate and independent group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger is trying to find a nice way to point out that developers have pretty strong feelings about their choice of UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; ie the committers/developers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: good question on the "steering". As an open source project, obviously the larger community can still "decide" to do whatever they want (it is open code).  But, what we've done recently is establish two group of "key stakeholders" from our DSpace open source community</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: one group is "Steering Group" (initially they were appointed, but they will be *elected* in the future). They help provide overall "vision" and they control the $$ donated to DSpace (I also now "report" to them to some extent)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger is trying to find a way to surmise how the steering group can/will work, and it's coliding with his desire to be funny/charming, and it will all end in tears, so he's gonna stop now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; XMLUI is cool, it has the aspect pipeline. It's pretty unique. I think some alternative UI (whether that be webmvc or Brazil-UI) will likely be less flexible, but more opinionated. Your item-page is built by item-controller and item-view, not an item-pipeline of navigation-controller, statistics-controller, metadata-controller, item-thumbnail-controller, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: The second group (just established) is the "Leadership Group" (larger than Steering, and Steering is mostly a subset of this larger group).  Leadership Group is key stakeholders from throughout the world, and those who have given some amount of $$ to the DSpace open source project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The way we see this working going forward is essentially this...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; When there is a formal authority structure in place, a steering group can steer by grasping the wheel and twisting, i.e. tell the makers what to make and require them to do so.  Here we have an INformal authority structure, and what the steering group can do is give makers a clearer understanding of what would be well received, which is important to makers.  On the one hand: control; on the other: influence.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; peterdietz:  I value highly the ability to just stick another stage into the pipeline.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1. The Steering Group is highly invested in DSpace as a project...they care about it cause they  use it and often have developers (or Committers) working for them.  But, Steering also includes some smaller instittutions who speak on behalf of that portion of our community</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncodev&gt; tdonohue: Still wouldn't be important having this committer group providing some guidance to the ones that may "externally" create a new UI?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: keep going, I am listening in case you are wondering :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2. The Steering Group "leads" by making suggestions on a way forward.. The actual *way forward* is NOT decided by Steering though...they will work with Committers &amp; DCAT mostly to make these decisions.  Steering is NOT technical enough to make technical decisions, NOR are they "Repo mgrs" who can make Use case decisions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Ah ok, point 2 is crucial</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 3. So, Steering Group makes suggestions..e.g. "We really shouldn't be building two UIs, why are we doing that? What do the Committers think? is there a way around this?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 4. When it comes down to it... Committers &amp; DCAT are the ones who *make recommendations* to Steering.  Steering then says: "Yes, sounds good!" or "No, that seems unreasonable, let's work on that more"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; More a 'Gentle Persuasion' group than a 'Do this' group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 5. If something "sounds good" to Steering, the Steering Group would then make that recommendation to the *bigger Leadership Group*: e.g. "Along with DCAT &amp; Committers, we think we should adopt ONE UI, what do you think?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 6. Leadership group then gets to VOTE (on behalf of the overall community) on that decision. If they reject it, the idea is rejected...the Community has "spoken"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 7. If Leadership *approves* of a decision, then with Steering group, they gather *resources* to make this all happen.  In the case of a revamped/new UI, those resources would be *developers*.  Luckily, since Steering Group members (and Leadership Group members) have some developers, hopefully they will choose to donate one or more of them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok...I think that's the basics...does that *start* to makes some sense on the new "model" of Steering / Leadership?  (I will admit this idea has adapted in recent months as we start to "work out" the kinks...it probably will continue to adapt)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; My concern was/is that, taking the UI as an example, we already have an XMLUI interest group and a JSPUI interest, the Steering Group would just become a third interest group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Sounds like my worries are unfounded</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So far, the Leadership's vote is still informational.  However, if e.g. my Dean has a seat on the group, he can come back after a vote and tell my team leader:  "I want us to take this on.  If you need more resources, I'll find funding.  Make it so."  So the informal network can *employ* formal networks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, essentially the Committers still are the *technology decision group*.  No control has been taken away from the Committers...but now, in a way, we have the opportunity to locate more resources to *help* on larger projects (from Steering &amp; Leadership group insitutions)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: yea, that's not the case :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yes, correct. Also worth mentioning the Leadership group is a larger group (meant to represent the broad community, but voting on behalf of the community).  Currently, I think it's ~15 institutions with "votes", but it may expand to 30 or so from across the world</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Apologies for that diversion onto policy matters, feel free to get back to the more interesting UI technologies discussion :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, and the people who sit on Steering &amp; Leadership are being posted on the DSpace website.  Both of these groups are a bit "smaller" right now, as they are getting started. But going forward, both may expand more</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Initial Steering Group: <a href="http://dspace.org/steering-group">http://dspace.org/steering-group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Steering Group | DSpace ] - <a href="http://dspace.org/steering-group">http://dspace.org/steering-group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Initial Leadership Group (still in progress of getting established, more may be added): <a href="http://dspace.org/leadership-group">http://dspace.org/leadership-group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Leadership Group | DSpace ] - <a href="http://dspace.org/leadership-group">http://dspace.org/leadership-group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I'm likening two UI's as a problem to a city having two highways as a problem. Sure, take one out, people could use the other parallel highway. The "ideal" situation might be an underground metro, (new UI built on newer technology / webmvc / rest+rails). So, if your wanting to change things, then you'll have to make a decision, then make some investments</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* srobbins (~Adium@mobile-130-126-255-147.near.illinois.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; What if you think of it like a city with two telephone companies.  Which don't interconnect.  (That actually happened, I'm told.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I don't want a *third* telephone on my desk.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; unless that third telephone is *really* awesome</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncodev&gt; :D</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: to clarify a bit..I'm not suggesting two UIs is a problem. I'm just suggestion *shipping* two UIs, managed by a *single Committers group* is a problem.  In other words, two UIs should have two separate Committers groups (tailored towards each UI).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; tdonohue++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Yeah, that's maybe a more accurate analogy. I guess we're waiting on decisions / solutions / further weighing in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, going forward, there may still be *multiple* UIs available to select from...and that's fine.  But, I feel that DSpace should *ship* with just one UI.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; this brainstorms page is fun, it's full of distractions :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; ooh, Spring Boot, shiny :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think a useful position might be:  DSpace has a lot of stuff in it that we all more or less agree on.  UIs is an area in which people tend to disagree (and boy, do we in the DSpace community disagree there!)  So let's factor the UIs out, ship one and spend effort on making it easy for those with different needs to have another.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, as an example, hypothetically speaking suppose we decide to revamp JSPUI &amp; only ship with JSPUI.   Maybe we do this in time for DSpace 7.  The, the DSpace 7 release will only have a JSPUI.  BUT, some helpful community members (maybe some of which are also Committers) could still say.."Oh, hey, still want the XMLUI? Here's XMLUI version 7.0, just install it on DSpace 7 and it'll work!"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood++ (well said)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I dislike the amount of time I see going into maintaining multiple UIs.  And I think the intimate relationship between UI and back-end code makes the work harder.  Spinning off even one should push us to make it easier to do so by making clearer where we can separate concerns.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; "Some helpful community members" are probably the ones saying, "hey, waitaminute, WE still want XMLUI, and if we have to maintain it ourselves then so be it."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; in theory an alternate packaging should be possible, even if the official distribution only comes with one UI, the alternate UI teams could package up their own distributions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, to sum up: The Steering Groups role here is to ask the hard question: "Why are we developing two UIs simultaneously? Can we stop doing that, it seems wasteful...we should really just build one.".   It's now up to us  (Committers &amp; other interested Developers) to start to brainstorm out other options. We have a voice here, and we can help decide the solution. It may not be an easy discussion at all times, but I hope you all will</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sometimes I think that having *any* UI in the box is a necessary evil.  DSpace should ship with a UI, yes, even if it isn't the one we use here.  But Google is the UI most people are using, no?  So we should do a good job, but only put big effort into areas where we can do better than Google and they won't care.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger++ yep, that is an option for alternative UI teams to distribute a separate "DSpace+alternateUI".  Or, it might be an opportunity to finally build out a better "plugin model"...here, click this button to install this "alternate, third-party UI" instead.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood++ yep, to add to that...the maintaining of two UIs sometimes takes time away from areas we *could* be doing more (SEO being a great example of something we could do even better)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, another thing we can do better is to provide *sharper* tools.  Google is a great casual search tool.  But if you are an *expert* searcher, it can be frustratingly oversimplified.  (Or so I imagine.)  There are times when I want to compose a search in a way that's inexpressible to Google.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* srobbins (~Adium@mobile-130-126-255-147.near.illinois.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Other thoughts to share here? (This has been a great discussion, and but I don't want to close it if folks are still pondering big ideas/questions)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tbh these discussions are fun, the tricky bit will be marshalling us towards a conclusion, over to you tdonohue :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood++ again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: yea, I get the hard job, but luckily I have lots of smart folks (all you) who can tell me if "I'm getting it wrong"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sorry to arrive late, and I'm going to have to leave shortly.  (I'm actually at home now, getting ready to go to work after lunch.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Got to head off myself, cheers all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncodev&gt; Cheers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, sounds like things are closing up. Based on this discusion, I'm going to enhance some of the descriptions / background info on the Brainstorming page.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncodev&gt; Hard times...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks for collecting our scattered thoughts.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Still, please add your thoughts/ideas/brainstorms here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Brainstorms+on+a+Future+UI">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Brainstorms+on+a+Future+UI</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Brainstorms on a Future UI - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Brainstorms+on+a+Future+UI">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Brainstorms+on+a+Future+UI</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue officially closes this meeting.  Since we ran really long, I'm not going to hold "JIRA Backlog Hour" today. But, I'll be around if anyone has additional thoughts (on either #duraspace or #dspace IRC)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncodev&gt; Choosing the UI future will never be consensual I believe</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; GTG.  Thanks all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@adsl-99-1-99-203.dsl.ipltin.sbcglobal.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; lyncodev: nope, I don't expect this decision to be easy, nor will there ever be 100% agreement. There will definitely be multiple UIs going forward for some time, but it will be up to individual groups to maintain whatever UI they feel is "better" than the one, out-of-the-box UI chosen.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (81d7fa56@gateway/web/freenode/ip.129.215.250.86) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncodev&gt; tdonohue: Once one UI is choosen, I mean whatever UI, my motivation to work on the front-end will grow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncodev&gt; (personal opinion)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncodev&gt; I've started developing SpringUI, it is still under development, but the main thing, as any other UI currently is that, whatever feature I do, if I want it to be useful, it need to be implemented in too many UIs and adding one more, is just contributing to the complexity explosion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: I wonder when will be a good time to discuss the notion of moving away from our own home-grown database abstraction, and possibly move towards something like an ORM?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncodev&gt; hpottinger: ORM is not sexy anymore :P</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; this is a more general concern: will our steering group point us towards more visible change?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I don't actually care that much if it's an ORM, I just think we'd be better off borrowing someone else's database abstraction work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; ditto for AuthN and AuthZ, and probably business logic, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; steering group is not "technical" in nature. They won't make code change / architecture change recommendations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (though I guess a few folks are a tad technical...Stuart Lewis &amp; Lieven Droogmans)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, we *can* make recommendations to Steering group on things that need to happen.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In many ways though, I haven't pushed on those other issues (DB abstraction, AuthN/Z) yet, because they may end up being "sub-tasks" of the larger UI "reworking" (depending on the UI chosen)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; For example, if we moved to a new "framework", there are some UI frameworks that come with some AuthZ plugins readily available.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: so, keep pushing on those issues...they will happen, but we need to figure out *when* is the right time (and usually that *when* is as soon as there's something that truly requires it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (we unfortunately cannot tackle everything at once...but little by little, I think we'll get there)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; lyncodev: yep, I can understand your point of view on the motivation for enhancing current UIs, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger is tempted to add another JS framework to the pile</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: add more to the pile, please.  The current table is mostly a brain dump of stuff I've heard of... I am SURELY missing options, and I'd like to get as many listed as possible.  We can narrow down the scope later on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; e.g. grahamtriggs was the one who added Spring Boot, which I hadn't been tracking/following (but does look interesting)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm certainly not an expert, but the demo for RiotJS made an impression on me and I started following them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://muut.com/riotjs/">https://muut.com/riotjs/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Riot 2.0 | A React- like UI library ] - <a href="https://muut.com/riotjs/">https://muut.com/riotjs/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; cool, I'll have to take a look at it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* srobbins (~Adium@mobile-130-126-255-147.near.illinois.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; going to skip adding it for now, brain is full, have things that need my attention</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, DSPR#712 is merged to DSpace:master and cherry-picked/pushed to the 5_x maintenance branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/712">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/712</a> ] - DS-2201: Unable to complete installation of DSpace with non-empty variable &amp;quot;db.schema&amp;quot; configuration file &amp;quot;build.properties&amp;quot; by ctu-developers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncodev&gt; Going home, see you later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lyncodev (c24b26fa@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.194.75.38.250) Quit (Quit: <a href="http://www.kiwiirc.com/">http://www.kiwiirc.com/</a> - A hand crafted IRC client)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; closed DS-2201 and added my own mea culpa</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2201">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2201</a> ] - [DS-2201]  Unable to complete installation of DSpace with non-empty variable &amp;quot;db.schema&amp;quot; configuration file &amp;quot;build.properties&amp;quot; - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162188.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>