<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2015-04-01
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-xjlymphkpeizgrwi) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Jesse_Dhammu (~Instantbi@14.139.58.194) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; Hay guys</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; i need to add some item types in dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; now, books, book chapter, article etc is there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; i need to add two more entries, Proceedings</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; and reports</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; how can i do that /..?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Jesse_Dhammu (~Instantbi@14.139.58.194) Quit (Quit: Instantbird 1.5 -- <a href="http://www.instantbird.com)">http://www.instantbird.com)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (81d7fa56@gateway/web/freenode/ip.129.215.250.86) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162188.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (81d7fa56@gateway/web/freenode/ip.129.215.250.86) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@adsl-99-1-98-98.dsl.ipltin.sbcglobal.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Mtg:  <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-04-01">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-04-01</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2015-04-01 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-04-01">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-04-01</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The agenda is a bit light today, I admit.  Primarily, I wanted to touch base on 5.2 plans...where do we stand, what are next steps, and do we have folks willing to help with those next steps, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (~cknowles@cpc67742-sgyl32-2-0-cust219.18-2.cable.virginm.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm going to have to admit here, I've been a bit "out of touch" with 5.2 stuff (and recent tickets) over the last week... I've been busy clearing my plate of all other activities so that I can help lead the "DSpace Product RoadMap" development in time for OR15</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone want to bring us (me especially) up to date on where 5.2 topics stand?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we have some PRs that need testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DSPR#894 is the big one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/894">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/894</a> ] - Ds 2486 reindex solr by aschweer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; also DSPR#888</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/888">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/888</a> ] - DS-2418: Incompatible oracle sql method on collection.java by ctu-developers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yeah.  I've been off work this week, so still no result from me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; anybody have time to spare for some PR testing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm not comfortable setting the date for 5.2 until 894 is in for sure, and I'd like to also test 888</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm going to admit, I'm swamped myself over the next week or so...but, coming soon, I'll be nearly 100% DSpace (clearing plate of most DSpaceDirect stuff for near term)...but a large chunk of that time will be spent on DSpace Product Roadmap work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree that 5.2 dates depend on 894 for sure...likely also any Oracle issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Do we have a wiki page up yet for 5.2?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; adding on to 5.2 list: any other PRs that *have* to be in before we set a date?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; hi all, sorry I'm late</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Welcome.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hi aschweer...we're just talking 5.2 updates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.2+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.2+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; (page doesn't exist, don't click that)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; it would be great to get some more eyes on <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/894">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/894</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Ds 2486 reindex solr by aschweer · Pull Request #894 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/894">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/894</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; it can now do lossless re-index</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; it can now also do incremental exports</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; still need to update the launcher.xml configuration, and there is a claim that it does date calculations in local time but I think that isn't true, it uses UTC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I haven't tested it at all on an authority index (since I don't have one with data in it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; aschweer: I'd just delete the local time claim, UTC is fine, I marked DS-2372 as "need code review" and linked it to DSPR#894</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2372">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2372</a> ] - [DS-2372] Export for ORCID authority cache - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I will be annual on leave for 10 days starting tomorrow my time, not sure I will have time to do much DSpace things</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/894">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/894</a> ] - Ds 2486 reindex solr by aschweer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree on the "more eyes" thing.  Who do we target / how do we find that help?  (As I mentioned before aschweer arrived, my next week or so looks like I'll have very little programming/dev time, as much as I'd like to help more. So we need to find more devs to chip in)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; hpottinger yes I was planning on just deleting the local time claim :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I still think it would be great to get some comments from @mire / CINECA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; maybe email them directly, perhaps?  Have we done that yet?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I sent @mire folks a note last week, and did a call-out in Jira with @nameing names</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I haven't, I've been using all my time on the code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; it would be good if people could look at the command line flags if nothing else, from a perspective of "would I know how to use this"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I've asked local sysadmins to comment on that, I need to chase them up again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/894/files#diff-8598adb36e720567e6544bb48f6ce0b9R150">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/894/files#diff-8598adb36e720567e6544bb48f6ce0b9R150</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Ds 2486 reindex solr by aschweer · Pull Request #894 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/894/files#diff-8598adb36e720567e6544bb48f6ce0b9R150">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/894/files#diff-8598adb36e720567e6544bb48f6ce0b9R150</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; aschweer: would you be willing to write updated upgrade docs around the script usage?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; not in the next 10 days...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I will help, I have to work that out for our upgrade to 5 (as do we all)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I made a note to at least inspect, if not try, this tomorrow morning.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any basic docs you could draft up (with regards to the new command line flags) -- even just in the PR?  Something we could build from?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; cool. you really should only need to run it with the -a reindex -i statistics flags once, for the upgrade</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so... the other flags are "bonus features"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; np</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; no</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; the other flags help with the additional use case that people brought up once I had started on solving the upgrade problem :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; right right: bonus features :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; I’ll try and look through the flags - but on leave next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; thanks cknowles :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, with regards to the "export" option in PR 894...does that make this old "./dspace stats-util -e" obsolete? <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/SOLR+Statistics+Maintenance#SOLRStatisticsMaintenance-BackuporExportSOLRrecordstointermediateformat">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/SOLR+Statistics+Maintenance#SOLRStatisticsMaintenance-BackuporExportSOLRrecordstointermediateformat</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ SOLR Statistics Maintenance - DSpace 5.x Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/SOLR+Statistics+Maintenance#SOLRStatisticsMaintenance-BackuporExportSOLRrecordstointermediateformat">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/SOLR+Statistics+Maintenance#SOLRStatisticsMaintenance-BackuporExportSOLRrecordstointermediateformat</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; no, the format is different</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, good to know</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; but it could make sense to change my code eventually to take a list of fields, in which case the old one could go away</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I was just wondering about the "overlap" and whether it made sense to still have two export tools</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I think the old export is pretty much for import into ElasticSearch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, it sounds like maybe tomorrow is the DSPR#894 testathon day, and we maybe write docs by Friday (if you have a chance to test, cknowles, you might be interested in helping write docs, yeah?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/894">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/894</a> ] - Ds 2486 reindex solr by aschweer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1 consolidation of similar tools, where that makes sense.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; definitely +1 consolidation as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If consolidation doesn't happen prior to 5.2, we'll need to clarify in the Documentation the use cases for "./dspace stats-util -e" versus PR 894....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It seems like in most scenarios you'd want to use the new PR, but we probably should say that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I'd think, export for back-up purposes, use my code; export for re-import to ElasticSearch stats, use stats-util -e</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; hpottinger you have permission to pester me on Friday to write/check docs ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; but I may be missing use cases for stats-util -e</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, makes sense. It's just that the Docs *currently* say to use "stats-util -e" for Backup and Export</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; cknowles: excellent, I've made note of that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we need some Docs changes there for this new PR. I'll note it in the ticket, so we can track it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anything more to talk about with PR #894?  Anyone else raise their hands to help test? Even a non-Committer who may be lurking?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I'm currently putting rudimentary usage docs in the PR, in the hope that it will be more accessible than the makeOptions method in the code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I will be testing tomorrow as well, if you're testing, pop in to #dspace so we can compare notes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 thanks aschweer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; oh, one more thing -- since the PR is currently coming from my branch, others can't change the PR. Should I change it so that there is a feature branch in DSpace/DSpace?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; thanks, aschweer, and thanks to everyone else helping out right before they leave on break</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; thanks everyone who's been helping with this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I'm pretty busy with the rest of my work, so this has been pretty slow going unfortunately</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; aschweer: that's a good point, a feature branch might be a good idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Feature branch seems a good idea, since you'll be away.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; cool I hope I can get to that before I go on leave</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; (otherwise I'm sure one of you will be able to wrangle that)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If not, the code is in GitHub, someone can do the feature branch on your behalf :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger steals code for a living</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd recommend someone consider pestering @mire and CINECA again regarding 894...if anyone is ready and willing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (feel free to CC me in on the pestering, if you think it'd help to do so)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And, hi there @mire &amp; CINECA if you are reading this later on ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; one hopes that this transcript will be sufficient</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: would you have time to write them a friendly note?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; this week, unfortunately, literally I do not :(   I'm doing DSpaceDirect upgrades all day tomorrow (to 5.1) and am off on Fri.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oooh, sounds like you'll be in a position to test DSPR#894 :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/894">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/894</a> ] - Ds 2486 reindex solr by aschweer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'll write a note to @mire and CINECA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks, I'd appreciate it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; brb, sorry, unavoidable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; thanks hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, so regarding 5.2.  Are there other tickets we need to flag to "hope to get into 5.2"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/milestones/5.2">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/milestones/5.2</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issues · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/milestones/5.2">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/milestones/5.2</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, nice. Good. Someone(s) has already started gathering that info</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, now we just need a "5.2 Status" page on the Wiki to go along with this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; back, yeah, helix84 made the milestone, I've been adding PRs to it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, looking at the time...we have about 20mins left.  I just realized another topic we may want to discuss briefly...a brief update on the "DSpace Product Roadmap" plans in the next few months</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'll make a 5.2 status page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks again hpottinger. You rock</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We can either spend more time on 5.2, or I can give you all some updates on the "DSpace Product Roadmap" and loop back around to 5.2 (time permitting)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; update away</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK. So, this is all coming out of the latest DSpace Steering Group meeting (earlier today)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As I've mentioned in these meetings before, the Steering Group wants a Product Roadmap draft ready for presentation/feedback at OR15.....this idea has morphed a bit over the last few weeks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll be leading this initiative (hence my development time in coming months will be minimal, but I will be nearly 100% DSpace for the first time in a while)...working with a Product RoadMap Team (Stuart Lewis, Richard Rodgers, Bram Luyten, Michele from CINECA, Maureen Walsh, Jonathan Markow, Ryan Steans) to develop what is likely to be two separate documents</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1. A Strategic Plan: which will detail our Strategic Goals for the software along with high level actions which we'd like to take to achieve those goals. This will be a longer term plan (likely 5 year, high level plan)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2. A Technical Roadmap: which will be based off the gathered Use Cases, and begin to prioritize and describe various specific technical activities / sub-projects that we'd like to see happen in the next 1-2 years (i.e. next few releases)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Both documents will be developed on the wiki (completely open to all to view/comment).... I'll send along links to Committers and DCAT as soon as this gets started (sometime next week)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As this process will be *very rapid* (both of these will be drafted prior to OR15), we'll be asking interested folks to feel free to "follow" these documents as they are written, and add in comments/thoughts as we go.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As much as I can, I'll also try to bring back "what is currently being worked on" to these meetings...give a brief update, or at least link you to the latest work/section</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Not all of this is entirely new (as I've mentioned it a few times before), but it will be getting started next week. It will also be taking a lot of my time, so I apologize in advance if I'm not able to chip in as much on the 5.2 release as I'd like to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Those are the basic updates...hopefully it all makes some sense.  Obviously, both of these documents will be presented for feedback during the OR15 DSpace Interest Group day, as well as during the DSpace Committers/DCAT meeting at OR15</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks for keeping us updated.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; any news on that meeting?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; (not OR15 in general, but the dev mtg)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The Committers/DCAT meeting?  It *will* happen sometime on Monday (workshop day). They asked me to submit it as a "workshop"...it was accepted. But, it hasn't been scheduled out yet. So, not sure *when* on Monday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, so Monday workshop, like the past few years</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As soon as I know, I'll let you all know. But, if you want to attend that meeting, just be sure to be there by Monday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, definitely on Monday. Time is TBD</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other questions on those updates?  Or other 5.2 things we wish to discuss?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I had a chance to use "vagrant share" yesterday, to demo to a librarian here, "is this what you had in mind?" it was awesome</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Not hearing any other topics for today then...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'll share this interesting note (just relayed my way).... For those who remember Chris Wilper (ex-Fedora Tech Lead), evidently he just got hired by @mire...interesting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Woah.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (in all seriousness though, good to see Chris back in our community.  He went off to do some other non-open source stuff for a while, and is now back it seems!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, well, with that, we'll just go ahead and close out the meeting for today. I'll be around here for a little bit if anything comes up.  Thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Got to go now anyway.  Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@adsl-99-1-98-98.dsl.ipltin.sbcglobal.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rvaiovehmdcqkhol) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; cool, I like Chris, grats to him if he reads this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; bye!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; here is a new PR for DS-2486: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/905">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/905</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Ds 2486 reindex solr by aschweer · Pull Request #905 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/905">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/905</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2486">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2486</a> ] - [DS-2486] Missing fields in solr statistics data from previous DSpace versions - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; new PR?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; feature branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; so you can add your commits :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I've also done a bit of squashing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (~cknowles@cpc67742-sgyl32-2-0-cust219.18-2.cable.virginm.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; aha, yes, that makes sense</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I've also sorted out the UTC claim and have updated launcher.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; usage documentation in the PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; hopefully now I don't need to stress about holding things up while I'm on leave :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yep, no worries, we've got this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; excellent, thanks :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; anyway, gotta go now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'll email this out, too, but if anyone has capacity to test with Oracle, DSPR#888 needs attention</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/888">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/888</a> ] - DS-2418: Incompatible oracle sql method on collection.java by ctu-developers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; hey, tdonohue, can any of us make a new "release" in Jira? 5.2 isn't in there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, you should be able to. At least I think all you need are Admin rights on the DS project, which Committers have</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll do it real quick though...takes just a sec</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Wait, it's already there: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We have two unreleased versions on that page, 5.2 and 6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I see... hmmm... I wonder why it wasn't showing up earlier?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; dunno. it should have been</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; well, now I can set the fix version for a few tickets</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; this exists now: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.2+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.2+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 5.2 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.2+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.2+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; hmm... the list of issuse on that status page...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; figured that out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; time to focus a bit on Mirage2 before I have to leave, bye!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162188.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>