<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2015-05-20
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ccordovas (~ccordovas@pc-196-42-46-190.cm.vtr.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ccordovas (~ccordovas@pc-196-42-46-190.cm.vtr.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-160110.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@129.237.45.105) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:52]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes notes that our DSpace DevMtg starts in &lt;10mins (at the top of the hour) here. Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-05-20">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-05-20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (~cknowles@is-lac-maclap1.is.ed.ac.uk) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers meeting. <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-05-20">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-05-20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2015-05-20 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-05-20">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-05-20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As it's an "early meeting" I'm gonna ping our usual suspects.... pinging helix84, hpottinger, mhwood, peterdietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; PONG</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, in any case, as you may have seen, we don't (yet) have 5.2 out the door. But, that will be happening in approximately 1 hour (hpottinger will be leading the effort over in #dspace just after this meeting, and all are welcome to sit in or provide moral support</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; present</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yes, please, moral support in the form of soundtrack suggestions is much appreciated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and you have to listen to me complain about Maven, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 5.2 has a large number of bug fixes to 5.x, and I know we're all happy to see it heading out the door shortly!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, the last steps for 5.2 (that I'm aware of) include the following:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1. We need to update the release notes (with a high level summary of some of the major bug fixes)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2. We need to draft the public announcement (may include much of the same text as those updated release notes)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 3. We need to update dspace.org (I will do this, again based on Release notes)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 4. Finally, we announce it!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Would anyone here be willing to start / or help draft up #1 (updated release notes summary), which we can then mostly reuse for #2?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I'm going to admit, my day today is fully packed to the gills with meetings...so, I personally may not have much time. But, I'd be willing to help review it, make suggestions,etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can take a stab at #1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; whomever does #3, don't forget to reindex stats</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks mhwood! Much appreciated.  There's some stuff to "work from" up at <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.2+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.2+Status</a> as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 5.2 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.2+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.2+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: Oh, you're talking about updating demo.dspace.org.  That's actually #5 (which I forgot!).  In #3, I meant www.dspace.org</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We just stack notes for release m.n at the top of the document, just before notes for m.n-1, yes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: correct. The 5.2 release notes summary just gets added to the top of this page: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/Release+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/Release+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Release Notes - DSpace 5.x Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/Release+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/Release+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oh, yes, #5: update demo, and don't forget to reindex stats</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and you'll see that "stacked notes" already for 5.1 and 5.0)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (~cknowles@is-lac-maclap1.is.ed.ac.uk) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone want to tackle demo?  To be honest, it's almost already updated anyhow (as I had updated it yesterday when fixing that last OAI bug).  But, the reindex of stats has NOT been done yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, demo just needs to get the latest version of dspace-5_x (which should only include one more commit, for that OAI bug).  Then, redeploy &amp; reindex those stats</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If no one else can get to demo, I can try to do it (either in between meetings, or first thing tomorrow).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ideally, we'd want to publicly announce 5.2 tomorrow sometime (if we can).  We (DuraSpace) tend to frown on Friday announcements, as they seem like they get ignored or overlooked.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; works for me, assuming the release goes smoothly (dry run ran fine yesterday)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, so, we have mhwood starting on the Release Notes.  hpottinger cutting our release.  I'll take on demo.  We can then quickly draft the announcement from mhwood's notes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yea, if we have delays, it's no big deal. But, if we don't get to announce tomorrow, we'd probably wait to announce until Tues (since Monday is a major holiday in USA)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Either way, good to be getting this out the door! Thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving along to our next agenda item...I figured it was about time (probably overdue) to start talking DSpace 6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As I had noted last week, the "Technical RoadMap" which is being drafted for OR15, is currently making the assumption that DSpace 6.0 will go forward as usual in late 2015, as a "bring us whatever you have" release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, that then begs the question, "what do we have?" or "what do we think might be ready?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I need to go over all the stuff I've started here and there, and see what I can commit to (and whether anybody else thinks it's a priority).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In general, it'd just be nice to kick off this discussion and see what 6.0 might look like.  So, does anyone have anything (yet) that you'd like to talk about for 6.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/milestones/post-5">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/milestones/post-5</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issues · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/milestones/post-5">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/milestones/post-5</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/milestones/6.0">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/milestones/6.0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issues · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/milestones/6.0">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/milestones/6.0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We can also put up our normal "wish list" / brainstorms on the wiki at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.0+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.0+Status</a>  (We should add a section for "possible features")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There is a PR for instance-local durable identifiers.  It probably needs more work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 6.0 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.0+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.0+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aha, thanks for those reminders hpottinger of stuff out there on GitHub already</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-2397</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2397">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2397</a> ] - [DS-2397] Sort out Unit vs. Integration tests, and run them separately - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and DS-2288</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, DS-2160 really NEEDS to happen (anyone up for it yet?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2288">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2288</a> ] - [DS-2288] Acceptance test suite - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2160">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2160</a> ] - [DS-2160] Remove Lucene search index support and DBMS browse support from DSpace - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and the "bump all dependency versions" ticket, don't have it handy just yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This is the starting of a nice little "wish list" already, which I can copy over to the 6.0 Status page post-meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and we probably should bump Bootstrap versions for both XMLUI and JSPUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; DS-1782</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1782">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1782</a> ] - [DS-1782] DSpace needs local object identifiers - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I will also mention that I've heard (from @mire) that KevinVdV is playing around with refactoring the DSpace API to support DAOs / Hibernate.  Not sure if that'll be ready for 6.0 (or what its status is / when it will be shared more), but it'd be nice obviously.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there any features (or tickets listed above) that any of you would be interested in volunteering for (or helping move along)?   A "wish list" is good, but a list of things people plan (or are starting) to work on is even better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Kevin's work is on GitHub now, if anyone wants to take a look</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; link?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://github.com/KevinVdV/dspace-hibernate-datamodel">https://github.com/KevinVdV/dspace-hibernate-datamodel</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ KevinVdV/dspace-hibernate-datamodel · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/KevinVdV/dspace-hibernate-datamodel">https://github.com/KevinVdV/dspace-hibernate-datamodel</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks, hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I noted Ds-2397 and Ds-2288 to actually try to work on them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; also: <a href="https://github.com/KevinVdV/Discovery-Elastic-Search-Plugin">https://github.com/KevinVdV/Discovery-Elastic-Search-Plugin</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ KevinVdV/Discovery-Elastic-Search-Plugin · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/KevinVdV/Discovery-Elastic-Search-Plugin">https://github.com/KevinVdV/Discovery-Elastic-Search-Plugin</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: thanks for clarifying!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Regarding ES, I will note that the RoadMap Working Group (so far) is recommending migrating to *one* out-of-the-box Indexing system (and the other could be an optional add-on).  So, that likely means either Solr OR ES, but not both out-of-the-box. This also applies to Stats</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I've been thinking about writing a GitHub mining app to look for "interesting" bits of dspace-related work that I don't know about, but people I know have starred</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, another question about 6.0, anyone interested in possibly being on the Release Team (not gonna hold you to it, yet...just asking for expressions of interest)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hearing no volunteers. Ok, well, think about it (and all you looking in at this later, please do consider it and get in touch!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other topics/brainstorms for 6.0 that anyone would like to add in here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I am probably going to step down from the RT for 6, but, we'll see. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I like the idea of face-to-face inviting some new people at OR, to do a release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: that's what you *think* ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yeah, I know, plenty of former RCs step up when called</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yes, we'll definitely talk more about the 6.0 release in our face-to-face OR meeting too. I agree, maybe we can drum up some volunteers there as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; but, I think the only way we'll get new people on the RT is if I get out of the way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well, we'll see if we can get some other folks to step forward here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, so the only other item I had on the agenda for today was to just give another update on the RoadMap Working Group's status.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The basic update is we've been cleaning up the rough draft of the RoadMap : <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/RoadMap">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/RoadMap</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ RoadMap - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/RoadMap">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/RoadMap</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It's starting to shape up into an actual "roadmap" (in terms of what things we'd recommend concentrating on per major release).  The "candidate features" per release are definitely not yet finalized, but they are getting closer in our minds</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Feedback is very welcome (obviously).  This will also be discussed in great detail at OR15 too, as noted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; (oh, speaking of new people on the RT, aschweer deserves recognition for all the hard work she's put into 5.2, she should go on the list of RT members)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: add her!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That roadmap looks really helpful.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any immediate thoughts/concerns about what this "RoadMap" is looking like so far?  Obviously there's more to do to clean this up in the coming weeks, but I expect the final result will be somewhat similar in nature</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll also mention that this "RoadMap" will also give us some better indications of what things we may want to accept into 6.0.  If it's a feature that is "way outside the roadmap" we may want to hold off. But, if it's something that fits well, then we want to try and prioritize it into 6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Another thing I will note regarding the RoadMap.  Each of the "Candidate Features" on this page, eventually is going to get it's own "subpage" to describe the feature/project/ideas</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Currently though, we only have *one* of those subpages created (and it's very rough yet), for the "Single UI Project": <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Design+-+Single+UI+Project">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Design+-+Single+UI+Project</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Design - Single UI Project - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Design+-+Single+UI+Project">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Design+-+Single+UI+Project</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I have my usual comment that DSpace should do *less* statistics, and more to make it easy to get event data into real stat. packages and import their results.  But that's just me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Just wanted to note that more details are coming for each of these proposed features, etc.  We also do want to start to gather some "volunteers" for specific projects (hence the volunteers column in the tables -- currently empty though as it was just added)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: that is a balance we may need to make. I also have some of those concerns, but feedback from DCAT folks always seems to want to see stats *in the UI*.  Which either means a much tighter integration (with specific engines, like G Analytics), or some form of internal stats engine still</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, that's a topic for another day.  I have some notions....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: you are more than welcome to start to get your ideas written somewhere, even in a new "use case" (for how DSpace could better integrate with one or more external search engines)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well answered. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; :)  Honestly, I'm likely this model of gather use cases for these ideas (even if some of the use cases end up a bit techie), as it really helps us to "frame" the problem better, and find a common view/vision</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other last thoughts on this RoadMap work so far?  Again, you are also welcome to send me feedback directly or add comments to the Wiki page(s) too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and that includes all you "lurkers" or later readers of the notes here -- feedback is welcome from ANYONE, not just Committers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, well that was the last item on my agenda for today. Anything else anyone has to bring up or talk about?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; who's going to help me cut this release?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; What do you need?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; a peanut gallery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can heckle.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Just as a sidenote, at OR15, I'd like to discuss these "early meetings" in general. It seems like (for whatever reason), these meetings are very sparsely attended. This "early meeting" (15UTC) schedule was meant to accommodate our colleagues in Europe, but it seems like it's not working as well as we might have liked.  I'll add a note to our OR15 meeting page though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 meeting schedule discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: I'll be around off &amp; on here for the next hour...I do have a meeting coming up, but I'll track your progress over in #dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'd like to propose a simultaneous backlog hour and cutting of 5.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not going to be able to do backlog hour (which I realized I forgot to note).  Again, I have a meeting conflict.  I can "lurk" but probably won't be much help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, this official DevMtg is closed for today (since it seems like we are on to other topics).  Please feel free to join us over in #dspace while we release 5.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; who else is here besides mhwood?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can hang around .</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; moving to #dspace now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ccordovas (~ccordovas@pc-196-42-46-190.cm.vtr.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 244 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@129.237.45.105) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qchjnpggizrzppkd) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ccordovas (~ccordovas@pc-196-42-46-190.cm.vtr.net) Quit (Quit: Saliendo)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 258 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oqetkkihxehoffvx) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 272 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-160110.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>