<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2016-05-25
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (~kim@lbdigs29.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (~kim@wireless-nat-21.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:18]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (~kim@wireless-nat-21.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (~kim@lbdigs29.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (~kim@lbdigs29.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tmmguimaraes (~tmg@193.137.88.100) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:00]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:00]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:00]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:00]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-220-55-31.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161168.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tmmguimaraes (~tmg@193.137.88.100) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 244 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* th5 (~th5@unaffiliated/th5) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* roeland_atmire (~roeland_a@d54C02199.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tmmguimaraes (~tmgg@89-181-187-69.net.novis.pt) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 244 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's time for the DSpace DevMtg. Here's today's agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-05-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-05-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2016-05-25 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-05-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-05-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, 6.0 is obviously the highest priority to keep pushing on today. But, before I get to that, I did want to touch briefly on our OR16 face-to-face Developers / DCAT meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We have some *suggested topics* for that meeting listed here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-06-13+-+OR16+Meeting#DevMtg2016-06-13-OR16Meeting-SuggestedTopics">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-06-13+-+OR16+Meeting#DevMtg2016-06-13-OR16Meeting-SuggestedTopics</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2016-06-13 - OR16 Meeting - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-06-13+-+OR16+Meeting#DevMtg2016-06-13-OR16Meeting-SuggestedTopics">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-06-13+-+OR16+Meeting#DevMtg2016-06-13-OR16Meeting-SuggestedTopics</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mjmarttila_ (8da10da4@gateway/web/freenode/ip.141.161.13.164) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm working on the schedule for the meeting, and I wanted to see if there's anything (either on that list or off that list) that *you* feel would be a high priority to talk about at OR16?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The two topics I think are *definite* (in my mind) are DSpace-CRIS (as Cineca will be there and is willing to talk about it)... and the New UI (although there also will be a formal presentation on this later in the week as well)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Other topics?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;roeland_atmire&gt; I see usage statistics on the list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Or is there anything in particular you'd like to hear about DSpace-CRIS or the New UI project?  I'm really trying to ensure we can make this a worthwhile discussion and touch on everything of high interest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C5104D.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; roeland_atmire: yes, currently though it's just a list of idea... I'm trying to tease out which of these have broad interest, and which may not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; list of *ideas*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;roeland_atmire&gt; Usage statistics have my interest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;roeland_atmire&gt; but I may be the only one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; would be lovely to hear an answer to "why Angular 2?" so we can be ready to explain to others?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; List&lt;Idea&gt; makes perfect sense. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; Is there any outstanding discussion from the Elsevier enhancement that needs discussion?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;roeland_atmire&gt; +1 on why angular 2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: that can be covered. I was anticipating that question/discussion. Thanks though for mentioning it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b3: good question. There are proposed features their to discuss.  Not sure if they all require a face-to-face, but it could be touched upon as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; My plan here is to try and find the top 3 to 4 topics. Those ones are definitely going to be discussed (and two of them are New UI and DSpace CRIS).  After that, we'll have a list of "possible other topics" if we end up with extra time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; re: key signing, I like the idea, enough that I made the .ps file of my key fingerprint to hand out, have printed it and just need to cut it to ribbons</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; I proposed the community expertise, service api, and metadata authority topics, so I am interested in those 3 topics</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 Hibernate: now what?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if you have more ideas to add into the mix, please pass them along (or add +1 comments to that Wiki page).  I'll begin drafting up this meeting agenda likely later this week or early next. But there will still be some time to finalize or make minor tweaks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We probably *should* have a more general discussion of the Elsevier contribution:  how well has it gone so far, and what can we learn from the experience?  (And we do need to finish up taking it in.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Dunno if the meeting is the place for that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; good point mhwood. Might be a matter of what the final attendee list looks like though. Not sure that's a discussion to have in a large public venue. But, if it's mostly Committers / DCAT, it'd be a good one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Maybe just an overview of the process "how code gets into DSpace"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, in any case, this gives me something to go on. I'll start doing some agenda writing in the coming days, and we can see how this starts to work out.  I will keep all topics up there though, in case we end up with extra time at the end, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: good idea...again depends on audience though.  May have to see who shows up (once I get a list of folks registered)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; right... I know it seems like a really basic thing to discuss... but it also seems like we lose track of the idea from time to time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so, let's move along to DSpace 6 topics (Add OR16 ideas to wiki page please, if you have more).  We've still got a lot to get done on DSpace 6, but I'm thankful we have a lot of you submitting, testing PRs, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, with regards to 6.0...in the nearterm, I'd really like to see us get fixes pushed out to demo.dspace.org so that we can get more centralized followup testing (from all us and others). I know I keep hitting the same known issues on demo these days</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; do we need an RC2?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I think we should really fix: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1382">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1382</a> before RC2, it fixes a lot of issues (I think 4 or 5 JIRA’s are linked to this one)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3179] Collection admin, edit item no authorization to remove file by KevinVdV · Pull Request #1382 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1382">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1382</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We do, yes.  But, I'm wondering if we push fixes out to demo.dspace.org *before* and RC2.  While we could release an RC2, we have a good number of known issues still outstanding.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; *before* an RC2 (i meant)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree, we probably need to track down which tickets are a *must* before RC2 (in my mind, any significant bugs or further changes to DB migrations would be included in RC2)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, since KevinVdV mentioned it, looks like DSPR#1382 is at +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1382">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1382</a> ] - [DS-3179] Collection admin, edit item no authorization to remove file by KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The changes in 1382 seem reasonable to me.  hpottinger, looks like you tested it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV also noted (in PR comments) it'd be good to have multiple testers, since this changes the logic of deleting bitstreams (and we want to be very careful about that)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Volunteers to help here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Yeah, we should also have testers delete (sub) communities &amp; collections as a community admin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV: could you add a list of recommended tests to the PR's description?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (that way we can ensure volunteers know what to test)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Will update the PR with a checkbox with tests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so hearing a bunch of silence here. No one else interested in helping test this one out?  Sounds like we need a test of Community Admin rights to delete Communities, Collections, Items, Bitstreams</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;roeland_atmire&gt; I’ll take it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks roeland_atmire!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If others can chip in, please also do so.  I've noted this on my list as well as one to try to get to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there other PRs / Tickets we want to highlight as highest priority (especially for an RC2 release)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1326">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1326</a> (we still need to fix a small issue here first)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; Could we discuss <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1399">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1399</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3086 OAI Harvester is broken by DylanMeeus · Pull Request #1326 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1326">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1326</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3209 AIP Import: Extend accepted handles for supports() by mjmarttila · Pull Request #1399 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1399">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1399</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; let's start at DSPR#1326 (we'll get back to the other terry-b3)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1326">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1326</a> ] - DS-3086 OAI Harvester is broken by DylanMeeus</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I’m aware that there is a code bug, but a code review by the community is also wanted here. It introduces some new methos to improve performance in bulk tasks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; (Don’t be afraid of the 120 files changed, the change was needed to give every entity a getID() method)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tmmguimaraes (~tmgg@89-181-187-69.net.novis.pt) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV: are there some docs/notes here to describe it a bit more?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh wait, I found this from Tom: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3086?focusedCommentId=49448&amp;page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-49448">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3086?focusedCommentId=49448&amp;page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-49448</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3086] OAI Harvester is broken (NPEs around several classes) - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3086?focusedCommentId=49448&amp;page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-49448">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3086?focusedCommentId=49448&amp;page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-49448</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3086">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3086</a> ] - [DS-3086] OAI Harvester is broken (NPEs around several classes) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Indeed, general idea + guidelines &amp; numbers should all be in there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; I'll be happy to test this if we feel that this is ready for testing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I can re-test using the updated PR and see if the NPE is still there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Will try to get that NPE out of the way this week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think testing is good.  I agree with KevinVdV that it also needs a general code review.  It *sounds* interesting to me though, and I can understand how it might also benefit other batch operations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This seems like it also has to be in an RC2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks terry-b3 and hpotttinger. Testing would be great.  Thanks KevinVdV on working to get the NPE fixed quickly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll promise to give this one a code review. It's a lot to get through right now, but Tom's description in the ticket comment sounds good to me.  Just want to dig into the code as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I just created a new "high priority" label in GitHub to flag these PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (we can rename the label later as needed...just wanted to give these some sort of higher priority to test/review)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.  So, moving on...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; back to DSPR#1399 (as requested by terry-b3)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1399">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1399</a> ] - DS-3209 AIP Import: Extend accepted handles for supports() by mjmarttila</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; We build our test systems from AIP exports.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; Our test systems create handles with a suffix (making them distinguishable from items created in prod).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; We did this at the advice of the hdl.handle.net folks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; The changes pnbecker proposed would make it difficult to continue this practice (without a local code override).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; If our practice is out of the norm, we can resolve this locally, but the proposed change seemed very restrictive.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mjmarttila_&gt; Just for reference, the line in question that would cause the difficulties: <a href="https://github.com/tuub/DSpace/commit/9961a876274af8f13017c3d10eafe0d8475e7377#diff-b636ee11c35a6c52616e6d770b097857R353">https://github.com/tuub/DSpace/commit/9961a876274af8f13017c3d10eafe0d8475e7377#diff-b636ee11c35a6c52616e6d770b097857R353</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Addition to DSPR#1399: check for supported handle. · tuub/DSpace@9961a87 · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/tuub/DSpace/commit/9961a876274af8f13017c3d10eafe0d8475e7377#diff-b636ee11c35a6c52616e6d770b097857R353">https://github.com/tuub/DSpace/commit/9961a876274af8f13017c3d10eafe0d8475e7377#diff-b636ee11c35a6c52616e6d770b097857R353</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sorry there's a lot of discussion in these comments. Am I understanding though that you just want DSpace to be able to generate handles with *dots* in them?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; We want to be able to ingest a prod handle into a test server.  The test server generates its own handle prefix.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; Perhaps this could be resolved by having 2 properties (one for import, and one for assignment).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;roeland_atmire&gt; so you want handles like 123456789/1810/123</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;roeland_atmire&gt; ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; No.  We want to import 12345/111 but assign 12345.1/222</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; This has worked for us on DSpace 4 and Dspace 5.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If you export an AIP from instance A (prefix 1) and import it to instance B (with prefix 2) the imported objects keep their 1/* Handles.  This is a problem?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; That is what we want.  The proposed code forces the import values and assigned values to use the same prefix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I need to run, until next time !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C5104D.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so I'll admit, this code change is a bit dense (out of context).  I think I agree though that the old way probably is the right way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm having trouble following the code though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It seems to me that we should not be checking for specific prefixes on ingest.  supports() returning true should only mean "this provider is positive that it understands the given identifier format", no?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I.e. if it can be understood as a Handle (*any* Handle) then Handle providers should return true.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mjmarttila_&gt; The previous DSpace4x/5x retrieveHandleOutOfUrl() method did not have a handle validation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mjmarttila_&gt; This is a new suggested addition in pnbecker's code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yes, that makes sense to me too.   The one "gotcha" is that ingest sometimes has to *assign* a handle (if it's a new submission and a handle doesn't exist).  Handle assignment unfortunately can only be with *one* prefix.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If it has to assign a Handle then it should use the configured prefix.  But that's nothing to do with IdentifierProvider.supports().</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I wish pbecker was here today...cause perhaps we'd get a better explanation why he needs this code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I agree.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; Should we paste this discussion into the PR?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mjmarttila_&gt; If it helps, the following was his explanation in the PR: I added the line in question to ensure, that we a) have a handle and b) that we have a handle we are responsible for. When I saw the message I became afraid that the VersionedHandleIdentifierProvider would accept URLs like <a href="http://dx.doi.org/10.14279/depositonce-5015">http://dx.doi.org/10.14279/depositonce-5015</a> as handle. While DOI build up on handle, the VersionedHandleIdentifierProvider shouldn't deal with DOIs </span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Repositorien und das Semantic Web - DepositOnce ] - <a href="http://dx.doi.org/10.14279/depositonce-5015">http://dx.doi.org/10.14279/depositonce-5015</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I don't think that supports() is supposed to care whether we are responsible for the handle.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mjmarttila_&gt; I think (b) was his main concern</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; *HandleIdentifierProvider.supports() should reject <a href="http://dx.doi.org/*,">http://dx.doi.org/*,</a> doi:* and the like.  They are technically Handles but they have their own provider.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I suppose that "10.14279/*" should be rejected as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Handles prefixes should support dots. Some people use handle prefixes with dots in production. I'm reminded we had an issue about this a while back... here it is DS-1536</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1536">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1536</a> ] - [DS-1536] having a DOT in handle prefix causes identifier.uri to be cut off when being created - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I think we shouldn't be doing this prefix validation. We really cannot do much more than ensure we are assigning *just one* prefix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mjmarttila_&gt; I apologize for dashing on our ticket, but I need to leave. Thanks very much to everybody for helping clarify the ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There also are DSpace instances that harvest from other sites (via OAI-PMH)...in which case one DSpace might actually have items of many different handle prefixes... Texas Digital Library has this I believe</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mjmarttila_ (8da10da4@gateway/web/freenode/ip.141.161.13.164) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; DOI is a special case, though:  it's a subset of Handle space.  Handle providers should check "is this a DOI" and reject it if so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But only allowing the configured Handle prefix is the wrong way to test for this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: true. Could you add comments to the PR as well?  I'll also note the examples I mentioned</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, and then I also must go.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; Thanks for the discussion time on this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, thanks all!  Sorry we've gone long.  But it was good to get talking about some things that needed more discussion / higher priority</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, let's keep pushing things forward for 6.0.  If you find another PR that *must* be in RC2, please flag it as "high priority".  I'll make an effort to concentrate my efforts there (since I feel like I've had less time recently to offer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And please continue to keep testing / reviewing these PRs.  Would be really good to get RC2 out next week if we can, and hopefully move quickly to an 6.0 shortly after</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; with that, I'm going to close things up for today. thanks again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* roeland_atmire (~roeland_a@d54C02199.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: roeland_atmire)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* th5 (~th5@unaffiliated/th5) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 250 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-220-55-31.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (~kim@lbdigs29.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161168.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>