<span class="irc-date">[0:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Dylan_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 244 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Dylan_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Dylan_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 272 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot_ (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Dylan_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Dylan_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cwilper (~cwilper@54.213.30.97) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Dylan_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Dylan_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 250 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot_ (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot_ (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hitchcock.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hitchcock.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hitchcock.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hitchcock.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Dylan_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tmmguimaraes (~tmg@193.137.88.100) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: bbl)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* helix84 (~ctenar@unaffiliated/helix84) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Dylan_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Dylan_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@130.149.177.214) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot_ is now known as misilo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilo is now known as misilot</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-220-55-31.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Dylan_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@129.237.45.105) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~ctenar@unaffiliated/helix84) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@130.149.177.214) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tmg (~tmg@193.137.88.100) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tmmguimaraes (~tmg@193.137.88.100) Quit (Ping timeout: 258 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tmg (~tmg@193.137.88.100) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tmmguimaraes (~tmg@193.137.88.100) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* roelandatmire (~roeland@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hello all, it's time for our DSpace Developers Meeting: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-06-01">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-06-01</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2016-06-01 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-06-01">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-06-01</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; Hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, obviously the main topics for today are 6.0 and OR16 (coming very soon).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Most of the meeting will be spent on 6.0, but I did want to mention that I *just* posted a tentative agenda for our OR16 face-to-face DCAT/Devel meeting: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-06-13+-+OR16+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-06-13+-+OR16+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2016-06-13 - OR16 Meeting - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-06-13+-+OR16+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-06-13+-+OR16+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Feedback is welcome, but as it was just posted, I'll ask you to send me feedback after this meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving along to 6.0 topics.  Obviously our goal has been to try to get 6.0 out the door prior to OR16.  I'm not sure that's achievable (since that'd mean 6.0 by June 10), but I would like to make sure we get a 6.0 RC2 released *prior to* OR16</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good idea.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That way we can show progress, and helix84 has an RC2 to talk about in his presentation on 6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The rate of bug reporting suggests that we cannot soon do a supported release unless we sort the bugs into "must do now" and "6.1 is soon enough."  I don't like it, but I think that's reality.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mjmarttila_ (8da10da4@gateway/web/freenode/ip.141.161.13.164) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree, mhwood...which is why I suspect the better direction is RC2 now, and get a schedule for "when to expect" 6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think that's right.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm going to admit that I'm probably going to be less helpful in the timespan up to OR16, as I'm busily preparing talks (and had some pre-planned time off).  So, I'm hoping others can help step things up and keep pushing 6.0 to an RC2 release.  I'm still around for consultation, but I may not have time to dig into code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We will need to work out how to recognize that we can cut an RC2.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In my opinion, for an RC2, we really just *need* to have the high priority PRs ready. Right now, there's just one (but it's a big one): <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1382">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1382</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3179] Collection admin, edit item no authorization to remove file by KevinVdV · Pull Request #1382 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1382">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1382</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; *high priority PRs *merged** (not ready)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Indeed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Beyond that, an RC2 is fine to still have outstanding "known" issues. I just want a "stable" Release Candidate that we can get posted up to demo.dspace.org, and that we can show off at OR16 (and ask for more testers, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; Scanning the PR, I am curious what the use case is for having a bitstream in multiple bundles</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, ideally, by June 9 (one week from tomorrow), we have 1382 completed/tested/merged, we are cutting RC2, and then updating demo.dspace.org to RC2.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b3: I think this is another scenario where the API / data model has always supported having bitstreams in multiple bundles... but it really isn't used in the UIs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b3: so, in refactoring the old 5.x codebase, KevinVdV kept that bit of code in place, as it existed previously</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; thanks for the explanation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, regarding 1382... I just got an email from KevinVdV saying he'd miss this meeting, but he had some updates.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; From KevinVdV: "</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It's going to be hard for me to find time to fix this in the coming week, anybody else is free to take a stab at it."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "The problem that causes this issue is that the link between a parent  &amp; child is removed to soon (before actual deleting of children)."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "Take for example the deleting of an item: (1) Delete the link between item &amp; collection (2) Delete bitstream  (3) Authorization check is made to see if current user CAN delete bitstream"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "The authorization check on delete of bitstream will fail because an item  doesn't have any more collections. So the trick is to FIRST delete the  children &amp; THEN remove links to the parents."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "I tried to this in my PR, but I missed something apparently, hopefully this intelligence will help others in resolving it."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; [That's the end of his message / summary]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is there anyone else who has time to try and take a stab at fixing up 1382 this week?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; There was another PR we discussed last week that made use of an ON DELETE in the database.  Is there a need to make that a recommended approach?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; IIRC hpottinger might have a word of caution about cascading deletes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b3: that's an interesting thought.  You might be right that maybe we could lean more heavily on ON DELETE... by just concentrating on *deleting* the child object (and then ON DELETE cleans up all other connections with that child object)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: the PR was merged though...I think hpottinger just cautioned we should be sure the ON DELETE is well tested/working</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; What is essential is that there is a transaction around this packet of deletes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue is trying to find the other PR which used "on delete cascade"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, wait...it was DS-3086 / DSPR#1326</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1326">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1326</a> ] - DS-3086 OAI Harvester is broken by DylanMeeus</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3086">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3086</a> ] - [DS-3086] OAI Harvester is broken (NPEs around several classes) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; which used ON DELETE CASCADE to cleanup metadata values &amp; resource policies when an Item is removed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it might be worth considering if a similar solution could solve DSPR#1382... which is about deleting files, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1382">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1382</a> ] - [DS-3179] Collection admin, edit item no authorization to remove file by KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; It is useful that the ON DELETE is declared in a config file rather than just packed into some inline SQL in code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b3: no, the ON DELETE isn't in a config file...it's in a SQL file that is run by Flyway to setup the database.  After that, the database handles the cleanup "ON DELETE"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; I was considering the Flyway to be config-ish</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But it is DDL, not DML.  I think that was the point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, what do we think about 1382?  It seems like KevinVdV has identified the core problem. It's really about finding a way to either solve it via (a) code , OR (b) ON DELETE CASCADE</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is there anyone interested in creating a new PR for 1382?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's important that every time we redefine the relationships to a type having ON DELETE CASCADE, we reconsider that cascade.  Which is why it is good to have it on the definition, where we ought to be looking anyway.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: true. I misunderstood what terry-b3 was noting regarding that. You are both correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, no one seems to be jumping at the opportunity to help out with 1382 :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood is trying to figure out a thorough test plan.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I will see what I can do with it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: KevinVdV has some things he recommended testing in the description of DSPR#1382.  There's a checklist of delete options to perform as a Community/Collection Admin.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1382">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1382</a> ] - [DS-3179] Collection admin, edit item no authorization to remove file by KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That helps.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've made a note to "fix &amp; test".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: much appreciated. It seems like the core issue is that deletions really are not working right for Community/Collection Admins, as it seems like the Resource Policy is removed *prior* to being checked for DELETE permissions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, that is what it sounds like to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~anonymous@55d43b21.access.ecotel.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: thanks again. Please don't hesitate to bounce ideas around in IRC this week if you come up with other options for 1382</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hi pbecker.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hi pbecker. We were just strategizing around 1382 (last high priority PR before RC2)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* roelandatmire (~roeland@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: I'll also paste KevinVdV's notes into the comments of 1382 for you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thank you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~anonymous@55d43b21.access.ecotel.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~anonymous@55d43b21.access.ecotel.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hello again. ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* pbecker goes quickly through the log</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; On a side note, we are hoping to configure our DSpace 6 test server to do some performance testing with a large DB instance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; I hope to do some of that testing before traveling to OR.  If there are any hidden performance bugs, I would like to identify them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Added notes to DSPR#1382 based on this discussion (and from KevinVdV's email).  Also assigned to mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1382">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1382</a> ] - [DS-3179] Collection admin, edit item no authorization to remove file by KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; regarding 1382: DSpace uses bitstreams in multiple bundles for Item Level Versioning.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; We don’t want to use duplicated space for the same files in several versions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: aha. Good to know :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I had forgotten about that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I’ll add that to the PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: I don't think that's a big point. The true problem with the PR is that Resource Policies are being deleted too early</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; Do you end up with multiple bundles with the same name (such as ORIGINAL)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; the fact that we use bitstreams in multiple bundles doesn't actually seem to be a factor in this problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; it is not the first time that this questions pop up. ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; terry-b3: you have multiple items, everyone with a bundle ORIGINAL that may contain the same bitstream(s).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; the bundle name is equal, the bundles aren’t (e.g. different UUIDs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; Thanks for the explanation.  I was not aware of that since we are not using item versions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so back to 6.0.  I think it'd be good to draft out a "goal" for what we accomplish before OR16, and who is willing to help with each step</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As mentioned, I think our new goal is to have a 6.0 RC2 out by end of next week (ideally on Thurs, June 9).   That's dependent on 1382 (which mhwood is looking at, and we should help him test / give feedback)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I can cut RC2, but I would appriciate help. Especially I would be glad if someone else could update demo.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Once 6.0 RC2 is released, we also need demo.dspace.org to be updated (as noted by pbecker)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ideally, we have both 6.0 RC2 and demo site updated *before* OR16 (which starts Mon, June 13)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks pbecker for volunteering to cut RC2.  I can be around to add support via IRC. But, I'll be concentrating heavily on OR16 presentations over the next week (obviously)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone else willing to help get demo updated to RC2?  I'm hoping that should be an easy process, since it's already running RC1, and should just need the latest code + a rebuild/redeploy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, well, maybe I can find an hour to take that on at the end of next week.  Or we'll look for a volunteer at next week's meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there other topics / PRs that we wish to discuss in today's meeting?  We have a few minutes left, but I have to run at the top of the hour to a DSpace Steering Meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Depending on 1382 (and other work) I might have time to help out with demo.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks mhwood.  Appreciated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Can anyone of you please give me a +1 on DSPR#1428? It changes one line and it would be great to get merged today (as it is a little addendum to DSPR#1326).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1428">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1428</a> ] - DS-3167: empty list of metadataformats in JSPUI by pnbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1326">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1326</a> ] - DS-3086 OAI Harvester is broken by DylanMeeus</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; mhwood: regarding 1382, I described what I tested in the corresponding jira issue (DS-3179)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3179">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3179</a> ] - [DS-3179] Collection admin, edit item no authorization to remove file - JSPUI Test Plan Ref COL3 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: that PR doesn't look right to me. Shouldn't it be "oai.harvester.metadataformats.*"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; yes, but that is added in the lines around.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I don’t know why it is done this way, I just scanned and took what was left from #1385</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, I see. This uses an old method in ConfigurationManager which appends the "oai."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, it's correct. I'll +1 it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I haven’t tested it (didn’t had the time) but it was sooooo obvious to me and was part of another pr (1385) before.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: the config name you corrected is definitely wrong. And the new one *looks* correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; thanks for aproving. can we merge this then?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, I'd say it's obvious</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* pbecker was thinking about merging this as obvious without reviews.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Old code is clearly wrong.  Obvious fix.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; thanks, I’ll press the buton.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; s/buton/button</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; pbecker meant to say: thanks, I’ll press the button.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; merged.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~anonymous@55d43b21.access.ecotel.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~anonymous@55d43b21.access.ecotel.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I'm going to need to leave (for Steering Meeting). So, I'm going to close up this meeting now.  However, I'd encourage folks to hang around to discuss other PRs / tickets as needed (whether here or in #dspace).  I'll be around later today as needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Dylan_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next week we'll touch base on status towards RC2.  mhwood, thanks again for volunteering to help out more... and let us know if you need feedback / testing help for DSPR#1382 work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1382">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1382</a> ] - [DS-3179] Collection admin, edit item no authorization to remove file by KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks all, bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; bye!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@129.237.45.105) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mjmarttila_ (8da10da4@gateway/web/freenode/ip.141.161.13.164) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Dylan_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~anonymous@55d43b21.access.ecotel.net) Quit (Quit: pbecker)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tmmguimaraes (~tmg@193.137.88.100) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Dylan_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Dylan_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 244 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Dylan_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Dylan_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-220-55-31.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Dylan_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
