<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2016-02-17
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:29]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-kloeri- [Global Notice] It's upgrade all the things day which also means lots of reboots. This will unfortunately be quite noisy. Remember connecting to chat.freenode.net, stay calm and don't panic!  </span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cwilper (~cwilper@ec2-54-213-30-97.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:04]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- Server Terminating. Received SIGTERM</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Disconnected.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:04]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wolfe.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:04]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wolfe.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:04]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wolfe.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:04]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wolfe.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Disconnected.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Disconnected.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Disconnected.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Disconnected.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Disconnected.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cameron.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cameron.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cameron.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cameron.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:23]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cameron.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:23]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cameron.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:23]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cameron.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:23]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cameron.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:26]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-kloeri- [Global Notice] And we're done for now with all the rebooting.. except for a single server that will be rebooted when it's done pretending it's a tree. Thank you for using freenode and have a great day.  </span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uwwbgsiwiznbjoyu) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* th5 (~th5@unaffiliated/th5) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162038.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sdabdoualqfjzwsz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Mtg. Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-02-17">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-02-17</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2016-02-17 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-02-17">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-02-17</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; While I don't necessarily want to spend a ton of time on it today (unless there are major questions), I wanted to add a reminder of the UI Prototype Challenge feedback/discussions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+UI+Prototype+Challenge">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+UI+Prototype+Challenge</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace UI Prototype Challenge - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+UI+Prototype+Challenge">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+UI+Prototype+Challenge</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We are still gathering feedback (from anyone) on our Evaluation Form: <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XWxEERh0UXCOo7LhocMMaqbY2u4b6oI11oWOjSp_aSQ/edit">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XWxEERh0UXCOo7LhocMMaqbY2u4b6oI11oWOjSp_aSQ/edit</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace UI Prototype Evaluation Form - Google Sheets ] - <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XWxEERh0UXCOo7LhocMMaqbY2u4b6oI11oWOjSp_aSQ/edit">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XWxEERh0UXCOo7LhocMMaqbY2u4b6oI11oWOjSp_aSQ/edit</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jcreel (~jcreel@nat-165-91-13-46.tamulink.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I will state that, as of this week, we seem to be narrowing down the choices.... Ruby seems to have less support overall, and it's down to a discussion between Java (server-side) or Javascript (client-side primarily).  But, we've had feedback from Google Scholar that client-side Javascript may still have SEO implications</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The next discussion/meeting is tomorrow (Thurs @ 15:00 UTC).  Committers &amp; UI Working Group members have received an invite already</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Beyond that, I just wanted to give a brief update on where things stand. If you want your voice to be heard, please join the discussion or add feedback to the form (as we are watching it).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It's likely we will continue with further meetings next week (we've been using Tues/Thurs @ 15UTC as the standard meeting time).  But, announcements will be forthcoming</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any questions, concerns or comments on all this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;th5&gt; I had tried to look at the submissions last week. It seemed that several of the demos didn't work. Are there particular submissions you suggest focussing on?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: re: Anurag's comments on JS... Can we ask for clarification if that applies to Google's own framework, i.e. Angular?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;th5&gt; (Is input needed more for evaluating them from a technical standpoint?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; th5: you probably want to watch the video presentations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;th5&gt; Ah, thank you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; th5: currently, the submissions that show off the narrowed down selections are #1 (Spring Boot + Thymeleaf), #4 (REST + Ember.js), #6 (Spring MVC + other Spring tech), #7 (Spring Boot + Angular.js)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if you were to watch 4 demos/videos, I'd suggest watching those 4</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Also note that's *not* a 9 hour committment, you can easily skip sections of the videos, one of the prototypes was removed, and one presentation covers several prototypes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;th5&gt; Ha, good to know</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As a minor clarification here... we are not selecting a "winner" from these prototypes. It may very well be that we select features/technologies from several prototypes (and mix &amp; match a bit).  But, those 4 (#1, #4, #6 and #7) show off various technologies still under discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;th5&gt; That's helpful. Thank you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: regarding Anurag's (from Google Scholar) comments on client-side JS, they *do* apply also to Angular.  I specifically mentioned the platforms under consideration in my initial email to him</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; interesting...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: since you should have a forwarded copy of that email thread, you should be able to see my original questions to him</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; scrolling... scrolling...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other pressing questions, comments, concerns here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; an observation: I use robots.txt to shoo robots away from facets and searching in general, and point emphatically at our sitemaps... I'm wondering if the JS concern really applies?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I bet I know Anurag's answer, though...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; not sure I follow your question, hpottinger.  Anurag seems very insistent that client-side JS is extremely hard to index, and that Google Scholar's indexers specifically *don't* deal with it.  Google's spiders supposedly *do* deal with it somewhat (but in a limited fashion)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Not only "extremely hard" but "untrustworthy" or potentially harmful to the indexer itself...if it just goes off and runs any JS code it receives</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I bet the heuristics for determining scholarly content rely on being able to at least poke around with the browse/search index a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I do agree with Anurag's concerns, just something occurred to me right now. At OR Anurag said that all they really need is a link to the PDF. They get the metadata from its title page anyway. So worst case, we make that available, we're still borderline usable for Scholar.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If, after tomorrow's meeting, we have more questions for Anurag...he has offered to talk directly to us via a phone discussion next week.  So, there are opportunities to follow up with him</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; perfect</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: not sure we want to advertise DSpace as being only "borderline usable/indexable" by Google Scholar ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Does Scholar pay attention to sitemaps?  Do we have to notify them?  Do we have to notify them if Google Vanilla already knows about our sitemap?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; From my understanding, Google Scholar is separate from Google (in both how their spiders function, and what sites they crawl).  That being said, they do "auto-discover" things well, I've found (so I don't know that you have to advertise heavily to them)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I *think* they pay attention to sitemaps, but I'm not sure how that helps a client-side JS app</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If they use our sitemap, we don't care what they may or may not discover by spidering.  Likely they won't spider us if they use a sitemap.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think we probably just have to keep the JS out of the semantics of the document is the thing: decoration only</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: they have to crawl individual pages for the metadata &amp; PDF links though...those aren't in the sitemap</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If those individual pages are just a bunch of javascript (which is the case in single page, JS apps), then there's *nothing* there to crawl without running the JS</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I see.  I've actually written pages that are 100% JS-generated content.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; as long as we hand out HTML that contains all of the text the crawler needs to understand the document, the crawler is safe in ignoring the JS</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, this detail probably belongs to the UI meetings.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: correct.  But, to generate that HTML of "text the crawler needs", you'd need some sort of server-side rendering</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so... JS framework isn't totally off the table, but should only apply a "nice coat of paint"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, we're getting deep into the weeds here :)  If there are questions that you'd like me to followup with Anurag about, either send them along, or join the UI meeting tomorrow to voice them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: correct, and that was stated in Anurag's email. He wants HTML for his spiders...but Javascript is OK for user experience.  It's just that all the important parts (metadata, file links) need to be in the HTML part</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I can live with that, it's also good for accessibility in general</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hpottinger++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; hpottinger++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, agreed... hpottinger++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, we should move along now to 6.0 topics :)  If you want to talk more about UI stuff &amp; Google Scholar, join us tomorrow at 10am EST / 15:00 UTC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, with 6.0...I'm going to admit, I've been less "useful" the past few weeks. I've been swamped and have had little time to test/review PRs (but I'm glad others have continued to be more active)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Is it still an option to use a JS-framework and to generate static for crawlers server-side? I'm not a friend of that option, as explained in the feedback form, just asking about other opinions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: yes...the limitation here is that we *must* have something server-side to generate the primary HTML. Whether that's Java or Javascript or whatever, doesn't much matter. But, it means we'd have to make a more "complex" javascript app (if we wanted to go that route)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; thanks tdonohue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 6.0 PRs...we're down to one feature left: DSPR#1162 (which still has issues)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1162">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1162</a> ] - DS-2877 Import of ScienceDirect metadata including embargo and linking to or embedding of the final version by LetitiaMukherjee</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; While it seems like a potentially useful feature...it definitely has some outstanding problems, and it's a matter of how long we wait for fixes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'm going to re-test after todays improvement. In my opinion, we should accept it, it just needs some more work to polish it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; tdonohue: I expect that we'll find more PRs that still needs some time, when we look into the improvements. So perhaps we could give 1162 some time while we're looking at those?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; pbecker: that would be my suggestion, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Overall, I agree..we can wait a bit. Though I'd argue we cannot "ship" the bulk ingest part of 1162 without being able to capture the *date* of a publication (as I worry we'd end up with lots of publications in DSpace sites with invalid/incorrect dates)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm against merging this now...but we can wait a bit longer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I agree.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yeah, issue date and title are critical. DSpace doesn't work right without them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, moving along..we've got many improvement PRs still open: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Aimprovement">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Aimprovement</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Aimprovement">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Aimprovement</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Not sure if there's any here we want to touch on now, or if our bigger "point of issue" is the blockers/major bugs...and code changes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "code tasks" (i mean)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm getting the feeling that some of the problems right now (with moving slowly with testing) may be issues with the fact that we have outstanding bug fixes hanging around?  Is that fair to give some attention to our bug fixes today, or are their improvements folks want to see reviewed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Bug fixes works for me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; here's our 6.0 bug fixes... <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Abug+milestone%3A6.0">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Abug+milestone%3A6.0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Abug+milestone%3A6.0">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Abug+milestone%3A6.0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There's a ton of them, but my suspicion is we also have a *ton* of low hanging fruit fixes here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DSPR#1291 is one vote away from merger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1291">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1291</a> ] - [DS-3056] added and configured xml-maven-plugin to validate all XML  by hardyoyo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; from the top...(skipping 1292 as WIP)... DSPR#1291</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1291">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1291</a> ] - [DS-3056] added and configured xml-maven-plugin to validate all XML  by hardyoyo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1291 looks fine to me..but it seems odd to me that it's in the *dspace-api* project POM. Shouldn't it be in the parent POM &amp; inherited (similar to how the "license-header" checks work?).  Otherwise, dspace-api is gonna sometimes complain about problems *elsewhere*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i.e. it may "work" but it looks a tad odd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I put it right next to unit tests?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; does it only get run during unit tests? Or is it run whenever you build?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; only during testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; dspace-api is one of the forst artifacts, so it may be a positive side-effect to fail early on broken xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's bound to the "validate" phase.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, if it's run only during tests, it's probably OK. I thought this was validating XML on every build (maybe I misunderstood)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So any set of phases that runs through validate will run it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; that plugin actually auto-binds to testing, it creates a validate phase under there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 'mvn clean install' ought to invoke it, for example.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And should IMHO.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: I originally wrote that it worked during builds, but revised when I realized that it only works during tests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If it's validating every build, then it should be at the Parent POM...so that individually building "dspace-xmlui" will throw validation errors for XML under that.  If it's ONLY validating during unit testing, then it might be OK to do it only in dspace-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I tried to invoke it during other phases... but the plugin only seemed to work during testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; My point is..currently, if you don't *build* dspace-api, your XML isn't validated.  While this "works"...it's not ideal if you want to just build "dspace-xmlui" module (which has a ton of XML...but will never throw a validation error on any of it, unless you also build dspace-api)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If we are *OK* with that as a process, then 1291 is fine. I'm just pointing out the "flaw" here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think I agree that it belongs to the parent.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I did spend time trying to make that happen, and gave up and went with this alternative... I'm happy to try again...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; At least to me...validating XML seems most similar to checking license headers...which is done at the Parent level, and inherited to all modules.  It's not really clear why we'd *only* validate XML when unit testing happens...but maybe I'm missing something</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Either way, honestly 1291 is a good idea. I'm just trying to clarify my point here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, it's a good idea, I want it....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; me too, and it works, I tested it on several files</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm not sure I'll be able to fit in the time to revise it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Accept it now and fix the quirks later?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that's fine, I guess..as long as we log a ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "XML validation currently only occurs when dspace-api is built"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; sorry, have to go.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along now.. DSPR#1277</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1277">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1277</a> ] - DS-3039 : Fix Community item counting logic. Also cleanup item counting elsewhere in code by tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This was my fix to Item counting logic. Initially I thought this would fix our unit tests...it did not. But, I still think our Item Counting logic is broken, and this has tests to prove it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It's sitting still at +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So is it ready, then?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; as a side-note, I noticed that upgrading h2 makes performance of integration tests much worse</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone have time to try it out or review it sometime soonish?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yes. it's ready to go. It works.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I already did. Since it's a bug fix, I guess we could just merge it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ah, so "I still think our Item Counting logic is broken" in master, not after this is applied.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yea to be clear, it includes a new Unit test (which tries to count items with a mapped item) that currently *fails* if run against master.  This PR fixes the code to *pass* that new unit test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Got it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if anyone has feedback, let me know. Otherwise, I'll likely just merge this later this week...as it's at least better than what is on "master"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Please do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DSPR#1268</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1268">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1268</a> ] - DS-2987 Solved metadata loss by qualdrop fields in DescribeStep by Gordotron</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This seems like a bug, and the bug fix looks reasonable. Needs a test though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; going to move along here though..just to review a few more quickly... DSPR#1267</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1267">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1267</a> ] - DS-3027 ItemImport fix to use the collections file by peterdietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1267 looks like a "just merge"..it's one line</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I agree.  Obviously correct.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; merged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; skipping 1266, as we talked to terry-b about that in #dspace already. It's almost ready</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next DSPR#1265</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1265">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1265</a> ] - [DS-3024] &amp;quot;Administrator&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;Anonymous&amp;quot; groups can be renamed, which would cause them to no longer function in 6.x by mwoodiupui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I added tests as requested.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Stepping away for some prod work on my end.  I may be slow to respond.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Lots of discussion but no votes.  What else does it need?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; excellent...I'm scanning code really quickly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; same, so far, looks good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; wish I had it for 5x now :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; (the permanent group idea)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This is looking correct to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it adds tests and they all show as passed... looks right...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Assuming that they are good tests. :-/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; that's what the "looks right" refers to :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Only one (perhaps silly) question... what happens if someone goes in and flips this flag (either using the API or SQL) on the "Administrator" or "Anonymous" group?  Technically, it seems *possible*...but does that matter?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There is no UI to do that at present.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I realize it's not at the UI layer...but it *is* possible at the API or SQL layers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yeah, the proxy object (Group) will cheerfully let you flip the bit either way without any questions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not sure I have an objection... I'm just letting us all know that it's still *possible* for someone to flip that flag and delete/rename these groups...it's just not *easy*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If you reset the bit, then you can rename or delete these groups once again.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; "Doctor, it hurts when I do this."  "Don't do that."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think the only way to get around that would be to hardcode something into the API though.. literally don't allow that flag to be flipped for Administrator/Anonymous group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; or... any group. Permanent means permanent</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Someone determined to break his repository can do it.  There's no way around that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I could make the Permanent bit permanent.  You can turn it on, but you can't turn it off.  (If it's off, you can turn it off again.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is it worth the effort?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I don't think so</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; "don't press the don't button!"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, is it worth adding an "if (Anonymous or Administrator &amp;&amp; !permanent) then throw an error" to this method: <a href="https://github.com/mwoodiupui/DSpace/blob/DS-3024/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/eperson/Group.java#L252">https://github.com/mwoodiupui/DSpace/blob/DS-3024/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/eperson/Group.java#L252</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/Group.java at DS-3024 · mwoodiupui/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/mwoodiupui/DSpace/blob/DS-3024/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/eperson/Group.java#L252">https://github.com/mwoodiupui/DSpace/blob/DS-3024/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/eperson/Group.java#L252</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3024">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3024</a> ] - [DS-3024] &amp;quot;Administrator&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;Anonymous&amp;quot; groups can be renamed, which would cause them to no longer function in 6.x - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I guess what I'm getting at is...I like the direction this took.. Technically you could flag other groups as "permanent" for your repo.  But, should we go one last step and say.. "Sorry", we don't let you make Administrator / Anonymous as "non-permanent" at the API level?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The whole point of having the bit is that I don't think the ORM layer should know those names.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: it already does know those names...Group class has them at the top: <a href="https://github.com/mwoodiupui/DSpace/blob/DS-3024/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/eperson/Group.java#L36">https://github.com/mwoodiupui/DSpace/blob/DS-3024/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/eperson/Group.java#L36</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/Group.java at DS-3024 · mwoodiupui/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/mwoodiupui/DSpace/blob/DS-3024/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/eperson/Group.java#L36">https://github.com/mwoodiupui/DSpace/blob/DS-3024/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/eperson/Group.java#L36</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3024">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3024</a> ] - [DS-3024] &amp;quot;Administrator&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;Anonymous&amp;quot; groups can be renamed, which would cause them to no longer function in 6.x - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But it has no logic to deal with them.  That's business logic.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, I see what you mean</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I said it unclearly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Either way, this is a good step forward. +1 to the PR. I'm just wondering out-loud if there's another step we should take at the API level, to try and dissuade future programmers from calling "setPermanent(false)" on Administrator / Anonymous.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll add a +1 though to the PR. I don't think we need to hold it up. Just wondering if there's one more tiny step to take at some point</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thank you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I wanted to ask a question while we have a quorum here - can I get a preliminary approval to upgrade master to PDFBox 2 when it's released? It seems it will be out any day now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Assuming that it still works, that is tempting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yeah, I tested most of the functionality and added PDF thumbnails out of the box, plus several media-filter cleanups</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As long as PDFBox 2 doesn't have obvious/major bugs, I'm ok with upgrading still</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'd be OK bumping that dependency version to 2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; What I mean is that it needs a final check with the released code to make sure that they didn't break anything at the last moment.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; the PR is DSPR#1287</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1287">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1287</a> ] - DS-3052 improvements to PDFBox-based code by helix84</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: that is my intention</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, as we're almost 20 mins over time, I'm going to close up for today.  I would recommend however, that if anyone has time, it'd be good to "scan" our bug fixes / code tasks for "obvious wins".  I'm convinced the number is so large because things have gotten "stuck" (while we were working out various merge conflicts)...now we're playing catchup on getting those obvious fixes in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If you find anything / know of anything that meets that description, I'm also glad to give it a quick code review (just ping me)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Something has collided with 3052.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: the removel of XPDF we just merged :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: I just fixed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I see.  That was quick.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, and someday soon (maybe this week), I'll try to get back to fixing the merge conflict in DSPR#1251, which I think is a "must have" in this release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1251">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1251</a> ] - DS-2188 : Remove remaining artifacts/configs of DBMS Browse system by tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; With that though, I'm going to close up the meeting. Please continue your hard work, and let me know where I can help with code reviews as needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That would be most welcome.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-3072</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3072">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3072</a> ] - [DS-3072] XML validation currently only occurs when dspace-api is built - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks for capturing that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, thanks hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I updated documentation and marked 3024 as closed/fixed, but let me know if I should do further work on the doco.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Argh, I closed the wrong one.  DS-2159 is documented.  DS-3024 still to do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2159">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2159</a> ] - [DS-2159] Deprecate XPDF in DSpace 5, remove in DSpace 6 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3024">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3024</a> ] - [DS-3024] &amp;quot;Administrator&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;Anonymous&amp;quot; groups can be renamed, which would cause them to no longer function in 6.x - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; off to a consult and testing session, bbl</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* th5 (~th5@unaffiliated/th5) Quit (Quit: Textual IRC Client: www.textualapp.com)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, I think 3024 is documented.  Tell me if you disagree.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cameron.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cameron.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cameron.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cameron.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-sdabdoualqfjzwsz) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162038.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>