<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2016-02-24
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cbogsubsinpcwbpc) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@24.225.102.225) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@24.225.102.225) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-weber.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-weber.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-weber.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-weber.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-98-245-50-182.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* th5 (~th5@unaffiliated/th5) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (81d7fa56@gateway/web/freenode/ip.129.215.250.86) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@128.206.253.157) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Reminder: Our DevMtg starts here in about 5 minutes. Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-02-24">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-02-24</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2016-02-24 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-02-24">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-02-24</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hello all, it's time for our weekly DSpace DevMtg. Agenda is linked above.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Here!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Obviously the primary topic for today is 6.0 (and getting us to a feature freeze / RC1).  But, I did want to take a few brief minutes to call out the updates/links for the new UI discussions in the agenda</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~kevin@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If you haven't had a chance to join the UI discussions yet, we have started a summary of pros/cons at: <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bvJrRWEO2ZLTCLqNiaJ_KXGZKHNfXDjnqHWt_ZYGek4/edit">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bvJrRWEO2ZLTCLqNiaJ_KXGZKHNfXDjnqHWt_ZYGek4/edit</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace UI Working Group - Summary - Google Docs ] - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bvJrRWEO2ZLTCLqNiaJ_KXGZKHNfXDjnqHWt_ZYGek4/edit">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bvJrRWEO2ZLTCLqNiaJ_KXGZKHNfXDjnqHWt_ZYGek4/edit</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, specifically regarding a possible client-side Javascript UI, we had a discussion yesterday with Anurag at Google Scholar. The notes of that discussion are at: <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aH9Be4d_sqwGIDqtd2cpK1KLX8xmBfMl1dIlr7htg20/edit#heading=h.2j4h4w6w3ju0">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aH9Be4d_sqwGIDqtd2cpK1KLX8xmBfMl1dIlr7htg20/edit#heading=h.2j4h4w6w3ju0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace UI Working Group - SEO in JS webapps - Google Docs ] - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aH9Be4d_sqwGIDqtd2cpK1KLX8xmBfMl1dIlr7htg20/edit#heading=h.2j4h4w6w3ju0">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aH9Be4d_sqwGIDqtd2cpK1KLX8xmBfMl1dIlr7htg20/edit#heading=h.2j4h4w6w3ju0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Because these are both large documents, I don't plan to discuss them today. Just wanted to make everyone aware of them as resources.  You are welcome to enhance or add comments/questions to them as you see fit (both are publicly editable)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That's really all I wanted to update on the UI discussions. Our next meeting is *tomorrow* (Thurs, Feb 25) at 15:00 UTC (10am EST).  A WebEx meeting link will be sent out later today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Can I just suggest, if you haven't yet invited your non-technical people to read anything about this process, this might be a good time to do so?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any questions/comments before we move on to 6.0 topics?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yes, the Summary document might give a good overview of what we've talked about... some of it is still a bit technical, and eventually (in preparation for the DuraSpace Summit on March 16-17), I plan to write up a one-page high level summary for folks who really just want a high level overview</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I think we'll move along to 6.0 topics now. If anyone does have "new UI" questions/comments, feel free to pass them along or add them to the docs. Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; For 6.0, the next steps are continuing to stabilize and get in any last features/improvements, so that we can get to an RC1.  We're getting closer...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; On the "features" side, we are waiting still for improvements to DSPR#1162.  It currently has several noted outstanding issues, and there has been no activity on it in the last week.  (KevinVdV is @mire working on this? do you know?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1162">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1162</a> ] - DS-2877 Import of ScienceDirect metadata including embargo and linking to or embedding of the final version by LetitiaMukherjee</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; @tdonohue: We are working on fixing the last issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks, KevinVdV. Just wanted to be sure that something is happening on this PR.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving along then...let's get some updates on our outstanding "improvements": <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Aimprovement">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Aimprovement</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Aimprovement">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Aimprovement</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And bugs.  Don't forget the bugs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yep, of course</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We have a lot of improvements still open here. I'd like to see if we can do a quick review of status here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#1292 (flagged as "work in progress")... is this coming or do we reschedule KevinVdV?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1292">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1292</a> ] - [DS-3057] Enable enforce versions to prevent dependency issues by KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Well I don’t know yet…. if I can find the time I will advance on it, but unclear right now. Perhaps I should remove the 6.0 milestone &amp; readd it IF I can finish it ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, I see in the Travis CI reports..this actually "works" but is reporting that we have dependency conflicts</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Yeah but we need to resolve those dependencies issue prior to mergin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (i.e. two different versions of the same JAR referenced in different modules for example)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: yeah, it adds a test which is failing for now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; &amp; it will help prevent library collision issues in the future</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; So really usefull build tool in my opinion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it looks like 1292 is something *anyone* could pick up and help us resolve those conflicts. Anyone willing to help advance this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree, it does seem useful (if we can get it moved forward)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I agree that this is quite useful.  We just need to fix the broken things it is finding for us.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; We can just “ignore” this PR, but it won’t make the potential issues go away ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; well I'm not sure if it's possible to completely clean it up, I think I've seen a case where B and C both depend on different versions of A</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Then one version for A needs to be excluded</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; But you need to be aware of the conflicts it has</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, not hearing any volunteers yet. Let's just keep this PR open and hope someone finds time to revisit this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think it is "nice to have, I want it, but there are other things I should work on first."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along for now: DSPR#1287 (this is just waiting on the final PDFBox v2, right helix84?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1287">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1287</a> ] - DS-3052 improvements to PDFBox-based code by helix84</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, skipping that then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DSPR#1253</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; it's a waiting game at this point - no new unfixed bugs and this is almost surely the last RC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1253">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1253</a> ] - DS-3009 Allow classpath definition of command line tools by rradillen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1253 needs some documentation. It's unclear to me how to test it. But, the concept seems OK to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I added a comment to the PR about the need for docs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along (trying to get through these all quickly)... DSPR#1226 (any updates to share here terry-b or KevinVdV?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1226">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1226</a> ] - [DS-2898] Add support for all authentication methods in the rest api by KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Would be nice to get some additional testers on this one. As previously mentioned I believe the shibboleth itself works but that the JSESSSION parameter might not get passed along.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; But this is not shibboleth specific, this is part of the framework</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; So anybody with password login or LDAP can perform some tests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Could we get some volunteers to help test this and move it forward? It seems like this has been "very close" for a long time now, and just needs some final approvals</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I will try to clear some time to test at least password.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I can help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, it'd be nice to see this get in sometime this week (or early next), if possible.  This is one that seems to be "stuck"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along for now.  DSPR#1129</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1129">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1129</a> ] - Fix: Bitstream&amp;#39;s retrieval&amp;#39;s response without filename by BrunoNZ</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Conflicted; assigned to helix84.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84, looks like you assigned this to yourself, and it has a merge conflict. Are you working on it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; oops, forgot about that one. I'll take a look again.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I've already given a +1. I think this looks good, just needs rebase, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks, helix84</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along, DSPR#1118</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1118">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1118</a> ] - DS-2635 discovery facets with configurable ordering by jonas-atmire</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This one needs testers. But, it also needs a minor rebase, as we fixed the bug with "workflow.workflow.framework" on master...and this changes the config back to that double-prefix. (I'll add a comment)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I tested it, the change to sort by value is welcome, but ascending order isn't an improvement over alpha</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: not sure I follow. What's wrong with "ascending order"? Is there an example of why that's not an improvement?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, I see..cause the facets are always sorted in descending order?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yep, thanks, saved me a lot of typing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; if you see a bunch of single result facets up front... you're likely to shake your head and wander off</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so this needs some minor updates. Sounds like it's close though. I added some comments on last steps</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; For now, seems like we should move along... DSPR#1010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1010">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1010</a> ] - DS-2696-showJSP-catch-all-exceptions  by akinom</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; whenever the sort order for 1118 is, erm, sorted, I can retest quickly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We need a JSP user to test 1010 out...It looks right to me, but I don't know if this would have any other implications (doubtful though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 1010 looks sensible to me, but we don't use JSPUI here....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger looks at the list of attendees, sees a few JSPPUI users there... considers naming them...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If anyone wants to test this, it looks like a "just merge" once tested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along, DSPR#962</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it looks easy enough to test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/962">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/962</a> ] - DS-2608: Improve collections and communities metadata in XMLUI discovery results by nicolasschwab</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; assigned to hpottinger. Any updates here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; To me, this looks like a simple, nice code refactor...but needs a tester</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; none, have been putting out fires and dodging spitballs the past week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, this is still on your radar though?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok,...moving along then... DSPR#934</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/934">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/934</a> ] - DS 2557 xmlui curation ux by aschweer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm home with a cold today, testing might prove an amusing distraction</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ugh, 934 needs another rebase</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; hpottinger was seeing this symptom the other day.  Similar cause?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone interested in helping get 934 moved forward? I just commented to aschweer that it needs another rebase</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; erm, what symptom?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger *is* a symptom today :-\ achoo!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The task was completed successfully.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; STATUS: Fail, RESULT: Nothing to do for this DSpace object.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oh, yeah, that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger grumbles...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, 934 helps clean up that UI &amp; its messaging.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, sign me up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; assigned to hpottinger then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along, DSPR#931</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/931">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/931</a> ] - DS-2552: Makes configurable whether handles or DOIs should be displayed in JSPUI by pnbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; from pbecker...is this just looking for more reviewers / testers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm assuming that johlton's comment represents a test.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; just comming back.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; true. I reviewed the code here and it looks fine to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we need to teach kompewter how to needle JSPUI users</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* pbecker will test pr#1010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker, it seems like 931 is a useful fix for JSPUI users.  I'm not against getting this merged if you &amp; others are satisfied</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; sounds great.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; johlton is my colleague</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; so maybe someone else should test it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; nevertheless, I think it's ready for merge.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any hints to testing (especially if you don't actually have DOIs configured locally)?  Or do we need someone with DOIs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; we need someone with doi.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; the only purpose of this pr is to make it configurable which persistent identifier is shown in messages like "use this identifier to cite this item: ..."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I was assuming someone could just add "dummy" DOIs in the appropriate metadata fields and see if this works?  Is that not possible?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; current forms I were aware of are handle (default) and doi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; it's a while since I created this PR. I'm currently not sure if it uses the IdentifierService or the metadata to recognize the available identifiers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. If it *is* possible to just add "dummy" DOIs, then it might be worth noting that in the PR...it might be easier to find testers through that route, instead of having to track down someone with DOIs enabled</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; looking into the code, it needs any of our DOIIdentifierProviders that gives back a doi.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along for now though... DSPR#896</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/896">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/896</a> ] - DS-1814: Allow submitter to create new version of their items. by pnbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; looks like 896 is still waiting on a rebase</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 896 has a dependency, too?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I won't get this ready for 6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I removed the milestone.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, thanks for the update, pbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; It's my only PR I didn't had the time to rebase after service api.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; would have bin a great improvement...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DSPR#885</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/885">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/885</a> ] - DS-1349: Add configuration to hide submitter in item history (JSPUI). by pnbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; This was discussed two weeks ago. But I have concerns with the changes requested.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Which changes specifically?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; pushing this down in the api layer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; It's all mentioned in the PR comments.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; "Ideally, if this config was disabled, the submitter info would not even be provided to the UI layer."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; That is a great idea, but not the way our UIs work currently.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. Yes, I think it's OK to let this slide as-is (as noted in comment by mhwood in PR).  Ideally, longer term, we move this down a level, as hiding this info from "one UI" doesn't do anything for all the other ways to access this info</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That's a big job with far-reaching consequences.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; This is something for the new UI.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; if it *is* there should be a use case for this desired functionality</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I added a comment to the PR that I agree with mhwood's comments on 885</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; so can we merge this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So, do we think it is okay to accept this as-is, for now, and re-architect access control later?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: I saw one other (minor) oddity in the code...which I added a comment on...your usage of "getPropertyAsType()" on ConfigurationService instead of simply "getBooleanProperty".  But, the code looks OK. There's just some minor messy-ness that could be cleaned up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood++ (Yes, I think this is more about access control issues, which we are well aware of and exist in use cases / roadmap)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Last one here... DSPR#879</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/879">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/879</a> ] - DS-2490: adds org.dspace.identifier.VersionedDOIIdentifierProvider by pnbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Um, is 885 okay to merge after perhaps some minor cleanup?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; is this just waiting on testers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; this has a dependency.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; one moment, looking for it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yes...885 is ok to merge after minor cleanup (sorry, I guess I wasn't clear)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I agree.  I could only find some picky problems with 'new Boolean()'.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I will take care of the Booleans right after the meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; 885 depends on DSPR#900</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Need to run, if any of my PR’s need attention please add it in the comments.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~kevin@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/900">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/900</a> ] - DS-2497: Keep version numbers stable. by pnbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; sorry, 879 depends on 900 of course.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I updated the description of 879 to note that dependency</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so is 900 waiting on more testing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; KevinVdV marked is as to be discussed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; No note on the PR as to *what* needs discussion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 900? no, it's not marked as to be discussed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I was in contact with Ben from atmire last summer. I think I respected his concerns. I asked for feedback by mail, but unfortunatly they didn't had the time yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (81d7fa56@gateway/web/freenode/ip.129.215.250.86) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; sorry, I forget about that, was another PR.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; 881 is marked as needs discussion. All three PRs handle Persistent Identifiers combined with versioning.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. So, with 900, are we just looking for testers? If so, perhaps we could ping KevinVdV on it to see if someone from @mire could help?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; so, yes 900 only misses testers/reviews/+1 ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I pinged KevinVdV on 900, since it's assigned to him</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, that's our full list of improvement PRs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As we are over time here, I wonder if there's any final comments for today's "official meeting"?  I think we need to find time to do more of this review "offline".  We still have too much to dig through in meetings, so I encourage individuals to quickly review (+1s) PRs and/or ping others when things need review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; re bugs, it looks like DS-3004 has had some comments recently</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3004">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3004</a> ] - [DS-3004] extremely slow searching when logged in as admin - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Indeed it has. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep. Not sure there's much more to accomplish with that here, now though. But, good to see it moving</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: if you have ideas of "things to try" I'm willing to try them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Quickie:  slap an index on that field and see if things speed up.  Also see how much the database storage increased.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; aye aye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue unfortunately needs to step away for a moment. We've got a blizzard here &amp; kids are around today..need to help "wrangle" for a moment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; More work:  try lazy-initializing a cached UUID for Administrator and doing find() rather than findById().</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; While I like the discussion &amp; I hope you continue it...I'm not going to call any more topics for today's meeting. So, it's "closed"...but post-meeting discussion is more than welcome</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: can I trouble you to add those notes to the ticket?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, will add them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Note:  creating that index over a large repo. will take a while.  Dunno how long.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Actually my suggestions are already in there, but I will summarize.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we'll just see how "high performance" this Oracle DB really is :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; thanks, mhwood, sorry, I have a head cold</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Commented.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-auldlwogqxzhuffh) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@128.206.253.157) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bxxexlabhrnlioku) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* th5 (~th5@unaffiliated/th5) Quit (Ping timeout: 244 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-auldlwogqxzhuffh) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>