<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; A friendly reminder that our DSpace DevMtg starts at the top of the hour (in just a few minutes). <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-11-16">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-11-16</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2016-11-16 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-11-16">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-11-16</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome, it's time for our weekly DevMtg (agenda linked above).  Small crowd today it seems</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood waves</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pinging Committers (helix84, kshepherd, mhwood, terry-b)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, well, wondering if it's just you &amp; I today, mhwood.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I guess I can go through the general reminder here... OR2017 proposal deadlines (yes, even for the DSpace Interest Group sessions) is rapidly approaching.  It is Sunday, Nov 20.  So, everyone reading this should get your proposals in!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="http://or2017.net/2016/09/21/or-2017-call-for-proposals-submissions-due-november-30-2016/">http://or2017.net/2016/09/21/or-2017-call-for-proposals-submissions-due-november-30-2016/</a>   (Despite the link URL, the deadline on this page says Nov 20)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ OR 2017 Call for Proposals – submissions due November 20, 2016 – Open Repositories 2017 CONFERENCE ] - <a href="http://or2017.net/2016/09/21/or-2017-call-for-proposals-submissions-due-november-30-2016/">http://or2017.net/2016/09/21/or-2017-call-for-proposals-submissions-due-november-30-2016/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@162.104.218.179) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This page has the full OR2017 timelines: <a href="http://or2017.net/call-for-proposals/">http://or2017.net/call-for-proposals/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Call for Proposals – Open Repositories 2017 CONFERENCE ] - <a href="http://or2017.net/call-for-proposals/">http://or2017.net/call-for-proposals/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi hpottinger. Welcome to a small meeting. It seems there's just 3 of us here today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Another general update that I can give (while we wait to see if others arrive)... DSpace 7 UI meetings now have a wiki page: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 UI Working Group - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; On that page, you'll find notes from yesterday's meeting... keep an eye on that page for all future meeting notes.  Obviously meetings will also be announced via email (and I'll remind folks in this meeting too)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oh, great, thanks, I was swamped with other meetings yesterday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; [embarassed] I have no excuse:  I entered the time wrong in my calendar and missed them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; well... honestly, I didn't have them on my calendar, and I did mention during one of my meetings that I needed to find out when the next UI meeting was</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger hangs his head in shame.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll admit, I missed most of those meetings yesterday too, but mine was a schedule conflict.  I was only on for about 30mins.  Hopefully the day/time changes for the next meeting, as my Tuesdays are meeting-full</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Same here:  Tuesdays are difficult.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; likewise, yes, Tuesdays are pretty full of meetings for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Mondays and Fridays are always clear, though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, Art did a great job capturing notes here, and for the portion I was on, it seemed to be going well, and was well attended (about 8 folks, I believe, including quite a few non-Committers, which is nice)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PhilipV (~philip@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think that's all I have to say about DSpace 7 work (thanks artlowel and bollini if you are reading this later, for your hard work / leadership).  I also already did the OR2017 proposal reminder...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, I think we are on to DSpace 6 issues/feedback</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I've been doing my best to note DSpace 6 tickets as they come in / issues reported on lists.  I'm not sure if I missed any, but there's a few on the agenda that look to need eyes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll just run through these one by one here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; first is this ticket, DS-3381</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3381">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3381</a> ] - [DS-3381] Blocking error trying the versioning system - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This sounds like a definite bug... an unexpected null</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I haven't had a chance to dig in here, but I'm hoping it's nothing severe....my guess is it might be an area of the code that wasn't fully updated for the API refactor.  These JS areas of code in XMLUI aspects are hard to test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is anyone interested in claiming this to investigate the issue?  Seems like something we should get into a 6.1 release to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's reported against JSPUI as well.  So the bug appears to be deeper.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aha, yes, just realizing that.  The errors attached are both XMLUI errors though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I agree that it's a bug and should be addressed soon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll add a comment to paulo to see if he can attach the JSPUI errors to the ticket as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It may be easier to use JSPUI to track down the problem.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker, hi...we are talking DS-3381 (a recent DSpace 6 reported issue)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3381">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3381</a> ] - [DS-3381] Blocking error trying the versioning system - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I just added a comment to 3381 asking paulo if he can attach the errors he is seeing from JSPUI too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; tdonohue: thanks for helping me into the disccusion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; We added the feature that submitters can version their items. So the method in the error sounds familiar.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; that almost sounded like "I volunteer" :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: any interest in claiming 3381?  Or working with someone else on it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I'm stucked in our own update, so I won't claim the ticket. But I can test versioning (again) this week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: ok, no problem.  if you hit this error, please do post what you find to the ticket.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; For sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Sorry, but I have some time pressure to get us to 6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; anyone else interested in digging into this further?  Either way, I'm going to keep this ticket in our agenda...as it seems an important one to keep track of in the coming weeks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We're not using versioning here, so I'd have to learn how to set it up and exercise it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. we'll just leave this on the agenda for now then. Hopefully with more info on the errors, we'll get a better sense of the depth of the issue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along to another 6.0 reported ticket (again on our agenda)... DS-3370</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3370">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3370</a> ] - [DS-3370] Task Properties are no longer read from configuration file named with configured task name - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; To me, this sounds like a possible undiscovered bug with the new (Apache Commons) Configuration system.  Likely the code reading these configs needs a small refactor</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I agree.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I haven't had a chance to dig in here though, and honestly won't have time until next year (given the limitations on my dev time right now).  But, I'm hoping it's something someone else could figure out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any volunteers for this one?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I have started the process of upgrading our dspace pilot server to 6.0, and have noticed a few curiosities in the local.cfg file... I'm going to keep an eye on them for now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If nobody else wants it, I *have* done a small amount of work with curation tasks.  I can look into it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: sounds like no one else is jumping at it here.  So,  I'd say give it a run when you have a chance...let us know if you hit problem points, or have questions!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and thanks, mhwood!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; mhwod: I know Martin Walk and can call him every working day.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; BTW, I just flagged both these tickets as "Fix for 6.1"...as they both seem important to fix in that release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; one of the reasons I'm proceeding with an upgrade to 6.0 is to try to get the Virus scanning curation task to work as part of the submission process in the JSPUI, so I'll be in this area of the code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; pbecker:  that is good to know.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; just give me a hint if you need some reaction from him...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving along for now... another 6.0 topic on the agenda.  The "dspace-replicate" (Replication Task Suite) requires updates before it will work with DSpace 6.0 (as it uses the old API and old ConfigurationManager calls)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; np</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ GitHub - DSpace/dspace-replicate: DSpace Replication Task Suite - Backup/restore DSpace to/from DuraCloud or mounted drive ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if there's anyone of you who regularly use the Replication Task Suite, it could use help in updating to 6.0 (and then a new release).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt;  This is something I have also tended to maintain, but it's not something that is high priority for me yet (as we are not yet upgrading DSpaceDirect customers to 6.0...and likely won't do that until early next year)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, this is both a WARNING (that dspace-replicate *will not work with 6.0*) and a call for a volunteer (if anyone is interested)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Does anyone here use this tool for AIP backups/restores?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I probably shouldn't volunteer yet.  But I've been meaning to look at this as a replacement for some home-grown scripting that surrounds SyncTool.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we don't use this yet, but plan to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, well, for the time being, I've added a warning to this module's documentation at <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/ReplicationTaskSuite">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/ReplicationTaskSuite</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ ReplicationTaskSuite - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/ReplicationTaskSuite">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/ReplicationTaskSuite</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is there a Jira ticket?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, sure, I'll work on updating replication task suite</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: great question</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I can create one quickly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That would raise the issue's visibility a bit.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue++ and then link to it on that wiki page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-3389 created. Will link up to that wiki page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3389">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3389</a> ] - [DS-3389] Replication Task Suite add-on doesn&amp;#39;t work with DSpace 6 API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; done</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also added that new ticket to our agenda (for next week)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That was the full list of 6.0 issues that I was aware of.  Are there other 6.0 issues that I've missed or that others want to bring up?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, not hearing any.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other topics folks wish to discuss today? Or should we do a few quick  JIRA backlog reviews for the next 10-15 mins?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; not hearing anything else... in that case, here's the JIRA backlog: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+status+%3D+Received+ORDER+BY+key+ASC%2C+priority+DESC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+status+%3D+Received+ORDER+BY+key+ASC%2C+priority+DESC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+status+%3D+Received+ORDER+BY+key+ASC%2C+priority+DESC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+status+%3D+Received+ORDER+BY+key+ASC%2C+priority+DESC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* pbecker will be lurking only.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll start with DS-2752</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2752">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2752</a> ] - [DS-2752] Request-a-copy form asks about &amp;quot;all files/selected files&amp;quot; even when there is only one file - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; seems like an obvious usability bug. needs volunteer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll also flag this one for "AngularUI" as it could be fixed there, obviously</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next, DS-2753</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2753">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2753</a> ] - [DS-2753] Request-a-copy form promises that users of the system can log in to view restricted files even when file is admin-only - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; same deal. needs volunteer. usability issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; pretty simple to change the properties line to not make promises</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes...still needs a volunteer though ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; updated... next up, DS-2755</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2755">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2755</a> ] - [DS-2755] Unable to use Serbian Latin (sr_Latn) variant - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; let me rephrase: low hanging fruit :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: already flagged as such</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2755 sounds like it should have been asked on dspace-tech</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; unclear if this is a bug or not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I note that "message" is used for one file and "messages" for the other.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, not sure if that's just a typo in the ticket though.  pretty sure it's supposed to be "messages"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; in any case, this seems like one we should close and ask them to post to dspace-tech if they are still having issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; there's not enough info in this ticket to do anything</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, "DSpace was unable to use it" doesn't actually say what happened.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; closed &amp; commented with my "template" text about asking on dspace-tech</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next, DS-2756</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2756">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2756</a> ] - [DS-2756] rest fails after repeated item creation - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; some activity here...unclear if it's fixed yet (by the referenced DS-2831) or not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2831">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2831</a> ] - [DS-2831] Database connections cleanup issues - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I can flag this as "needs more info" and ask if it has been fixed by 2831</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; done</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; one more... DS-2760</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2760">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2760</a> ] - [DS-2760] Restricting upload of certain filetypes with Bitstream Format Registry - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; seems like an interesting idea...would definitely need a volunteer though.  And aschweer's comment is correct here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Agreed on both counts.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; flagged as such, and linked it up as related to DS-1093</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1093">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1093</a> ] - [DS-1093] Verify file formats at the point of file upload. - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll stop there for today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I should mention (in general), while it's not exciting work... our JIRA backlog is quite large these days. So if anyone (or several folks) ever want to do some quick cleanup at another time, I'd welcome it.  Some of these tickets really are quick to analyze</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I fully realize you all are volunteers...just wanted to put in that reminder that we could use the help here (from Committers or non-Committers, either) ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* luizsan (~luizsan@209.120.171.227) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, we are at the top of the hour.  No other topics on our agenda, so we'll close the meeting for today.  I'll keep the 6.0 tickets on our agenda for next week. If you stumble on others, please add them to next week's agenda too!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; speaking of backlog... is backlog hour next?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* luizsan (~luizsan@209.120.171.227) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: you are welcome to run a backlog hour.  I won't make it today, but i'd encourage it if others are willing /  have time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That's what my calendar says.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes that I just added the "template agenda" for next week's DevMtg. If you have topics to add, please do so before next week! <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-11-23">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-11-23</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Noted, thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PhilipV (~philip@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Quit: PhilipV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* th5 (~th5@unaffiliated/th5) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* th5 (~th5@unaffiliated/th5) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@162.104.218.179) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
