<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2016-03-23
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (~kim@lbdigs29.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (~kim@lbdigs29.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (~kim@lbdigs29.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (~kim@lbdigs29.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (~kim@lbdigs29.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (~kim@lbdigs29.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (~kim@lbdigs29.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 248 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (~kim@lbdigs29.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (~kim@lbdigs29.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 244 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:02]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-adams.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:02]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-adams.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:02]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-adams.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:02]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-adams.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-220-55-31.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161168.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* th5 (~th5@unaffiliated/th5) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ucousondogifuqwg) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~kevin@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Hello everbody</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hello there KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; BTW, all, here's the agenda for today if you haven't yet seen it.  The mtg starts at the top of the hour (&lt;4 mins): <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-03-23">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-03-23</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2016-03-23 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-03-23">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-03-23</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* theDiSCLAiMER (~pbuenapos@192.94.163.146) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Welcome all, it's time for the DSpace DevMtg. The agenda was already linked above</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Before we get started, I do want to quickly thank everyone for the hard work on getting the security/bug fix releases out (5.5 / 4.5 / 3.6)!  Thanks to everyone for the quick fixes &amp; testing support!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* roelandatmire (~roeland@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; thanks for cutting those releases, tdonohue!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Obviously, the big topic for today will be 6.0.  Before we get to it, I did want to encourage folks to join our next DSpace UI meeting tomorrow (at 14:00 UTC, one hour earlier than this meeting), if you want to hear more about the UI discussions from the Summit last week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I will be reporting out more regarding the UI discussions in upcoming weeks. But the basic "gist" is what I've noted in the agenda.  The Steering Group would like us to do an "extended prototype" of a client-side option (Angular 2) in order to verify whether or not it's a plausible solution for our UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Much more on that will be coming as things move along...and I do welcome your feedback as we move into this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, for today, I'd encourage us to move along to 6.0 topics...as this release needs to get re-kickstarted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: how long is the 3/24 meeting?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (We can always loop back to UI discussions at the end of this meeting as needed, or post-meeting if folks want to talk more about it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: one hour (max)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (You are welcome to leave early though if you need to.  The main topic will be these discussions from the Summit last week)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I've got a 10:30 meeting, also online, I should be able to make it to both</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, moving along to 6.0.  We have made some strides in recent weeks...but we still have more to move forward before we can do an RC1.  Specifically 1 feature / 7 blockers / 9 improvements / 11 code tasks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd like to first touch on the outstanding feature again (which has been sitting with no movement recently): DSPR#1162  (helix84 you look to be the last tester, are you around?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1162">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1162</a> ] - DS-2877 Import of ScienceDirect metadata including embargo and linking to or embedding of the final version by LetitiaMukherjee</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Can we forcast a new day for RC1?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; day/date/...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: we cannot do an RC1 until major blockers are completed (unless we can make an exception to blockers)... my *hope* though is RC1 before *end of March* which means next Thurs, 3/31</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but the only way to do that is to get our 7 blockers closed or determine if any are "OK" to be in RC1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; tdonohue: thanks. Please have in mind that friday and Monday are public hollidays in many countries (eastern).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I'll be out of office till April, 4.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Since helix84 doesn't seem to be here, not sure what the update on 1162 is. Is anyone else interested in helping to test this out (with me)?  I can add it to my list.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think that several of those blockers are well along in code review and could need very little more to close.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: that's good feedback. Once we look at the blockers perhaps we can determine if 3/31 is achievable or if we need a later date</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Friday is also an administrative holiday for many institutions in .us.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I would appreciate to get RC1 out asap, but I'm sorry to say that I won't be a big help within the next days.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, no one else volunteering to help with 1162. I'll test this out then. We need a decision on it prior to RC1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving along to our list of blockers (which need resolution prior to RC1 or special "exemptions"): <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20DS%20AND%20status%20in%20(Received%2C%20%22More%20Details%20Needed%22%2C%20%22Volunteer%20Needed%22%2C%20%22Code%20Review%20Needed%22%2C%20Accepted)%20AND%20priority%20%3D%20Blocker">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20DS%20AND%20status%20in%20(Received%2C%20%22More%20Details%20Needed%22%2C%20%22Volunteer%20Needed%22%2C%20%22Code%20Review%20Needed%22%2C%20Accepted)%20AND%20priority%20%3D%20Blocker</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20DS%20AND%20status%20in%20(Received%2C%20%22More%20Details%20Needed%22%2C%20%22Volunteer%20Needed%22%2C%20%22Code%20Review%20Needed%22%2C%20Accepted)%20AND%20priority%20%3D%20Blocker">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=project%20%3D%20DS%20AND%20status%20in%20(Received%2C%20%22More%20Details%20Needed%22%2C%20%22Volunteer%20Needed%22%2C%20%22Code%20Review%20Needed%22%2C%20Accepted)%20AND%20priority%20%3D%20Blocker</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-3086 / DSPR#1326</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3086">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3086</a> ] - [DS-3086] OAI Harvester is broken (NPEs around several classes) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1326">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1326</a> ] - DS-3086 OAI Harvester is broken by DylanMeeus</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; This is one I would postpone until RC-2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; We are still working on optimizing the OAI harvest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, good to know</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll note that in the ticket. as the status is uncertain right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next, DS-3004 / DSPR#1322</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3004">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3004</a> ] - [DS-3004] extremely slow searching when logged in as admin - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1322">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1322</a> ] - Feature/DS-3004 isAdmin performance problems by tomdesair</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PR is assigned to hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This has been sitting here for 3+ weeks now, any status or testers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it has an almost +1 from mhwood, and I haven't had time to test it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; the times/locations I've typically been able to fit in testing have all been places with iffy network connections</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; my colleague tested this today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Does anyone else have a chance to at least do a sanity check/test here?  The concept seems OK to me, but it'd be nice to have some minimal verification</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can call that +1 by inspection.  The analysis in the ticket is convincing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; she tested it regarding DS-3096 which is also closed by this pr.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3096">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3096</a> ] - [DS-3096] Editing an eperson only shows groups that eperson is directly member of - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;roelandatmire&gt; I also inspected it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; She will add a comment to the PR.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: thanks for that feedback. I see she just added a comment to 3096</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; If anyone can cast +1s on that, and comments from non-commiters re testing results are *always* welcome</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; yes and one will follow on the pr in a few minutes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Testing the search should be easily accomplished even with a repo with around 1000 items the results should be noticeable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so this sounds like it's basically ready to go in. It just needs final votes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Would be great to get at least one tester</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; So somebody else but us gave it a test spin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is there anyone who can even just run a "sanity test" here (just to ensure it all works) today/tomorrow?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; It's still on my list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; right, I understand, looking for a today or tomorrow promise, if possible :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (currently this has slipped for 3+ weeks, as noted...we need to just get this tested and merged)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK. I'll pull it down, give it a sanity test. I don't have a large data set to work from in my current test env, but I'll just verify it "works" at a minimal level.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, I'm currently testing DSPR#934 in another window, it looks good, I will comment on it and switch over to DSPR#1322</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/934">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/934</a> ] - DS 2557 xmlui curation ux by aschweer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1322">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1322</a> ] - Feature/DS-3004 isAdmin performance problems by tomdesair</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DS-2981  (no PR, assigned to hpottinger)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2981">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2981</a> ] - [DS-2981] Create indexes for UUID fields for Oracle migration script - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Can anyone quickly create these UUID indexes for Oracle? I *really* would like these in RC1, as that'll help us get them tested by Oracle users</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This doesn't seem like it should be hard, just needs someone to move these forward quickly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; this is turning a bit into a "what on earth has hardy been doing?" meeting :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; guys, I'm gonna need to find some others to help with 6.0 blockers. There's no way I can do all this myself  (I've just signed up for 2 PRs) :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If you're buried too deeply, I can spin up an Oracle instance and do this one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I have been burried, but I have some breathing space *today* tomorrow is all meetings</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If you have a cycle, mhwood, it seems like it'd be great to claim this one. It sounds like hpottinger has enough other things to help with</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; hpottinger do you want to keep this one?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; do not want</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'll take it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: I have a proposal, how about a call out to the community for help on our remaining blockers, improvements, bug fixes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: I don't see that having a likelihood of working (unfortunately). Usually that results in no response when you make a broad call like that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; doesn't need to actually get a new volunteer, sometimes asking for help gets you help, though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm of the opinion that we'd be better off asking for major help during testathon.  I think we really are just in a "final push" stage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; in any case, I'm moving along for now... DS-2940 / DSPR#881</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2940">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2940</a> ] - [DS-2940] Metadata problems with the VersionedHandleIdentifierProvider - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/881">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/881</a> ] - DS-1348: Removes &amp;quot;canonical&amp;quot; handle for versioned Items. by pnbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not sure this is a "blocker" to me. But, it'd still be nice to move along. Any updates pbecker? Looks like you've asked for testers from KevinVdV &amp; atmire folks?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I rebased this last week and had to fix some smaller issues.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I think it can be merged, but would have a better feeling if someone could re-test this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Of course this could also be done in the testathron.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I need to retest to ensure that the bug is fixed but would like to note that the default functionnallity changes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I will need help on documenting this as soon as it is merged.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can help polish the documentation, at least.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; great, will come back to you. thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I’ll try to test/merge this week or early next week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I'm out of office this Friday and next week completely.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Remind me about the "default functionality changes" (we really need to make this clearer in the ticket or PR description. I always have to dig back into the code here to rediscover how this works)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; will do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; The change of functionnality isn’t a blocker of us but everybody need to be aware of this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I fear that 2940 and the related DS-1348 have become very "dense" tickets. They are difficult to follow as there's a lot of back and forth discussion. It'd be best to summarize the final decision points in the descriptions in general</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1348">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1348</a> ] - [DS-1348] Item level versioning breaks persistence and lacks meta information - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I'll do that tomorrow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; or create a new JIRA that sums up both &amp; refer the other two to that one ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV: it's unclear if you are saying "The default functionality may not work for everyone as a good 'default'" OR if you are saying "It will work fine, but we might want to document it better"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; It will work fine, but people using the old configuration need to be aware that it changed (&amp; might want to switch back)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: thanks. I also think the approach of creating a new ticket to summarize the final decision is fine. Either direction is ok...it's just a matter of giving us a summary of the final decision / implementation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; we'll have two versionedHandleIdentifierProvider and one versionedDOIIdentifierProvider. I changed the default functionality of the VersionedHandleIdentifierProvider as only one of them is fully compatible with the DOI one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; KevinVdV, tdonohue: As soon as this is merged, I would add information about changed default functionality directly into the DSpace upgrade chapter.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* terry-b (~chrome@75-165-57-11.tukw.qwest.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I will write a summary in a comment to each ticket and link the comments in the issue descriptions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hi terry-b.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it sounds like we have a tester lined up here (KevinVdV) and clearer documentation/summary (pbecker).  So, we can move along for now. Thanks both!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; +1 to adding in the upgrade docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Hello pbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along to the next ticket... DS-2898 / DSPR#1226</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1226">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1226</a> ] - [DS-2898] Add support for all authentication methods in the rest api by KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2898">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2898</a> ] - [DS-2898] REST API Should Support all DSpace Authentication Methods - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I thought we had agreed to try and get this merged and create a new ticket specific to Shib?  Am I misremembering this one? :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I just think that nobody pressed the big green button</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, well, any objections to merging &amp; closing 2898? Then we can open a new ticket to discuss Shib specifically (if that hasn't been done already)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; tdonohue, that is my memory.  I hope we can find another group to test Shibb to see if they can duplicate my issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That sounds like a good plan.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm a shib user, alas</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: then you can help see if you can duplicate terry-b's issues (when you have a chance) ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I just finished at test of 1322, cast my +1, it's a *huge* improvement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. I think we should merge 1226 then.  terry-b, would you be willing to open a new ticket for the Shib bug(s)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Sure.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: thanks for your testting of 1322. Go ahead and merge it then, as it's at +2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; done!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Merging 1226 next.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3108">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3108</a> created as a placeholder.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3108">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3108</a> ] - [DS-3108] Support Shibboleth Authentication in the REST API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3108] Support Shibboleth Authentication in the REST API - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3108">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3108</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1226 is merged now too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; there's a note on 3004 that DS-1698 is also fixed by DSPR#1322, testing now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1322">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1322</a> ] - Feature/DS-3004 isAdmin performance problems by tomdesair</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1698">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1698</a> ] - [DS-1698] saving the Edit policy form without specifying action results in stacktrace (regression) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, regarding DS-2898, I closed the ticket, but I realized that we need official Docs on this. KevinVdV, could you add docs to our 6.x REST docs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2898">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2898</a> ] - [DS-2898] REST API Should Support all DSpace Authentication Methods - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hpottinger: that comment is from my colleague. She tested it today (see logs of this meeting, we discussed this today).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I’ll see what I can do regarding the docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We have two more blockers here... next up, DS-2687 (assigned hpottinger as well)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2687">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2687</a> ] - [DS-2687] When deleting a collection role the group is also deleted, which is not appropriate for non-system-created groups - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV: thanks. it'd be appreciated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV: you can also have someone else at @mire write the docs as needed...if they need access, let me know</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Yeah I created that one myself …. so I’m afraid I will have the honor of creating docs for that one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think others decided 2687 is not a blocker?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2687 has been "mostly fixed" (cannot delete Administrator or Anonymous, but can delete other named groups).  I think it probably should be downgraded. But, still would be nice to get into 6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 I'll work it, it's *very* important to us</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I downgraded 2687 to "Critical" (one level lower).  Kept it assigned to hpottinger (thanks!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; So... testing whether DS-1698 is fixed... I run into a new issue (possibly)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1698">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1698</a> ] - [DS-1698] saving the Edit policy form without specifying action results in stacktrace (regression) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Last blocker: DS-2437 / new DSPR#1333</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2437">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2437</a> ] - [DS-2437] Stop relying on alphabetical loading of jars in WEB-INF/lib - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1333">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1333</a> ] - DS-2437 Use unpack dependencies on additions to unpack it into the web folder by rradillen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'll have to see if there's a Jira for it yet, but, if you search for a group in the edit policy form, you get this error: "</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Invalid UUID string: 8"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; This one seems to be expanding in scope.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't know that 1333 expands the scope does it?  It's rather similar to my initial DSPR#1331</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1331">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1331</a> ] - DS-2437:  Ensure all webapps unpack &amp;quot;additions&amp;quot; into their WEB-INF/classes by tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; &lt;= needs to run, until next time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~kevin@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The discussion is expanding it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If we want this one in quickly, we may have to split off a new ticket.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Argh, I have to run as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The commandline doesn't need fixing. It can remain alphabetical. that's a separate ticket, I agree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll verify/claim 1333</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and I'll merge it if it works right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood is AFK for a couple of hours.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, since we are losing meeting attendees. We probably should wrap this up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd like to see us try to close out our final 3 blockers ASAP (end of week or early next, if possible). That'd put us on a possible schedule for an RC1 late next week (31st or 1st), or early the following week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll update the 6.0 schedule on the wiki with those details.  Next week we'll touch base and see if we are ready to announce RC1 &amp; Testathon (hopefully we will be)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I will do my best to actually deliver on all my testing committments</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks hpottinger!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks all! The meeting is now closed.  Now, I'm moving over to #dspace for any additional discussions, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* theDiSCLAiMER (~pbuenapos@192.94.163.146) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* theDiSCLAiMER (~pbuenapos@192.94.163.146) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* roelandatmire (~roeland@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* theDiSCLAiMER (~pbuenapos@192.94.163.146) Quit (Ping timeout: 250 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* theDiSCLAiMER (~pbuenapos@192.94.163.146) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* th5 (~th5@unaffiliated/th5) Quit (Quit: th5)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (~kim@lbdigs29.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-220-55-31.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161168.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>