<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2016-04-20
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (~kim@lbdigs29.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (~kim@lbdigs29.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (~kim@wireless-nat-21.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (~kim@wireless-nat-21.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 244 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (~kim@lbdigs29.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (~kim@lbdigs29.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (~kim@lbdigs29.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (~kim@lbdigs29.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 250 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-220-55-31.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ucpildeikmhwrqom) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161168.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:57]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue reminds folks the DSpace Dev Mtg starts shortly here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-04-20">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-04-20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pmarrone (~pmarrone@proxy3.psi.unc.edu.ar) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; RC1 *tomorrow* woohoo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hello all, welcome. The DSpace DevMtg starts now. Agenda was pasted above</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Jumping right in today... 6.0 is moving along now (thanks to everyone for all the hard work!).  Testathon begins on Monday. So, today is all about trying to do the final push to RC1 and Testathon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First comes first... RC1.  The goal is to have RC1 cut either tomorrow or Fri (i.e. before the weekend, so we can have it ready to go for Testathon on Monday)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The only thing (I'm aware of) that stands in the way of RC1 is DS-3125.  (We have some other minor outstanding known bugs, but none absolutely *have* to be resolved prior to RC1 or Testathon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3125">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3125</a> ] - [DS-3125] Submitters cannot delete bistreams of workspaceitems - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Has a PR waiting for review/testing: DSPR#1352</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1352">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1352</a> ] - [DS-3125] Submitters cannot delete bistreams of workspaceitems by KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Could someone help us get this tested?  I've checked the code, and it passes a review (all looks reasonable). But, probably needs a test run.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It does involve a new DB migration...but it looks reasonable to me. much more info in the PR itself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'll give it a try</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: thanks.  Do you think you will have time to tackle this later today (or early tomorrow)?  Obviously it's high priority</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tackling it right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; awesome. you rock, hpottinger!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it's why I have more than one monitor :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, are there any other PRs / Tickets that *must* be in prior to our RC1?  (Or anything folks would really *like* to get in but need a quick review?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; I am the only +1 for <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1287,">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1287,</a> but it looks good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I think it is simple to get <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/931">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/931</a> in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-2552: Makes configurable whether handles or DOIs should be displayed in JSPUI by pnbecker · Pull Request #931 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/931">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/931</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Would help users that mintes DOIs and use JSPUI.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; s/mintes/mints</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; pbecker meant to say: Would help users that mints DOIs and use JSPUI.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; but as always: we need somone to test it running JSPUI. ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; taking these in order...thanks for the reminder on 1287, terry-b3.  I agree that would be nice to get merged so it could get tested thoroughly in testathon.  It sounds like 1287 just needs a quick code review +1 from someone else to get merged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I can try and give 1287 a code review post-meeting, if no one else beats me to it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As for 931...looks like it already has a code review, and a few +1's.  Is it waiting on a test? Have you tested it locally pbecker?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; peterdietz:  are your concerns in 1287 addressed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I tested it before I rebased last. But if it is okay for you I retest it tomorrow morning and merge it myself.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: from my reading of 1287, peterdietz was just noting that PDFBox 2 doesn't necessarily "fix" our non-ASCII problems, which was the hope.  It doesn't seem to point out any NEW issues though that PDFBox 2 has over v1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: that sounds like a good solution for 931. Give it a final test, then merge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; great, will do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; yeah. hi all. It looks like we'll still have the same issues. So, my issues are irrelevant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good enough for me, if it's good enough for you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it sounds a bit like 1287 is ready now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As noted by terry-b3 in 1287 though, it sounds like there are some minor improvements (see his last comment) in v2 versus v1 of PDFBox.  But, it may not have solved all the issues we've seen yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1287 is ready pending another +1, in my opinion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; My test set was limited, but I found at least one improvement.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; yep. I'd say +1, it brings some improvements. Though the pdf citation stuff is likely to still not be fully suitable to all use cases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, it sounds like v2 is an improvement over v1 of PDFBox...so we should get this in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; I posted some code review suggestions in <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1253">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1253</a> (documentation related).  If those are addressed, this would be a nice feature to merge.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3009 Allow classpath definition of command line tools by rradillen · Pull Request #1253 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1253">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1253</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; Is there a better way to alert a developer than to use the conversation thread in the PR?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b3: no, I tend to use GitHub for such messages. You could send an email as well if you wanted, but most devs will respond via GitHub (and it's much easier to add inline comments in GitHub)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1253 seems like something we could fit in after RC1 if needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; I agree.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; While it doesn't have a PR, I will note I've been working to resolve DS-3104.  Unfortunately our logging got a little messed up in the move to ConfigurationService / Commons Config.  I think I finally have a handle on the problem, just trying to track down a solution. Hope to have it fit in prior to RC1 as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3104">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3104</a> ] - [DS-3104] DSpace&amp;#39;s command line interface has problems finding the log directory - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, that's just a minor FYI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; After this meeting ( in JIRA backlog hour), or later on...we could also do some reviews of other PRs flagged for 6.0 that might be "quick wins".  It would be nice to get as many of these into RC1 as is reasonable (without destabilizing anything, obviously).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; tdonohue: ping me, if DS-3104 is ready to be tested.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3104">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3104</a> ] - [DS-3104] DSpace&amp;#39;s command line interface has problems finding the log directory - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: will do. I can reproduce the issue.  Unfortunately, the problem seems to be Log4j is accidentally getting "loaded" prior to ConfigurationService (which causes the errors).  I'm trying to find a way to ensure ConfigurationService loads fully *prior* to log4j</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: hopefully will have something later today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. Any other tickets/PRs folks want to talk about right now?  Otherwise, we'll revisit this topic in JIRA Backlog (post-meeting).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I'm out of office directly after this meeting (caused by daylight saving the meeting is one our later again).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; But I could test something tomorrow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that's fine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Long-term, I would like to see if we can just let log4j load when it is touched, and stop trying to control it the way we do now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: we *could* do that...but it'd require either filtering log4j.properties, or having folks directly touch/config logging there, instead of any of the existing "log.*" settings in dspace.cfg and similar</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: But, that would be possible. I've just been trying to see if we can avoid having to filter the log4j.properties with log directory location (as then it can load "dspace.dir" from configService). But, it then requires configService to load *first*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, we can chat more on this post meeting...I'll be working on it then. I'd hate to dig too deep on this in this meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so we are nearing RC1. We have Testathon next week.  Regarding Testathon, DCAT has kindly created some "Test Plans" (for JSPUI and XMLUI) and linked them up to <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.0+Testathon+Page">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.0+Testathon+Page</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 6.0 Testathon Page - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.0+Testathon+Page">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.0+Testathon+Page</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pmarrone (~pmarrone@proxy3.psi.unc.edu.ar) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (see bottom of that wiki page)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pmarrone (~pmarrone@proxy3.psi.unc.edu.ar) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll be encouraging folks to try and help us fully test both UIs by following the test plans, and finding features in those plans that haven't yet been tested by someone else.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This is mostly all just an FYI...but you are also more than welcome to review those test plans and help DCAT enhance them (I know the XMLUI is further along than JSPUI, but others are working on the JSPUI plan this week)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Back to our agenda...we have several "tasks" that need to be done between today and Monday.  I was hoping to find some volunteers to help me out with them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Last week I discovered something but I'm not sure if that is a bug or if I'm misusing DSpace. I tend to give the Group anonymous submitter rights to all collections in my testsystem to achieve that any user is able to submit. In DSpace 6 this doesn't seem to work anymore. Is there another way to ensure that every user (with an account) is able to submit to a  collection?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: I wasn't aware that worked. It might be worth looking into, but I'm not sure DSpace should be meant to support anonymous deposit (i.e. I think that's perhaps unintended)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; It didn't allow anoymous submission.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; It only ensured that everyone with an account was able to submit to such a collection.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, again that sounds unintended.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I thought that not defining a submitters group at all meant that it was open, but I haven't tested that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; That didn't worked at least in JSPUI. But I can retest it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Usually, this is done by creating a custom Group...then changing your Authentication plugin to specify that group as the "Special Group" which everyone who can login should be added to. Then use that "Special Group" as the submitter group to all Collections</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; For example, using password auth, you'd set this: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace/config/modules/authentication-password.cfg#L20">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace/config/modules/authentication-password.cfg#L20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/authentication-password.cfg at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace/config/modules/authentication-password.cfg#L20">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace/config/modules/authentication-password.cfg#L20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, that concept is supported, but not by adding "anonymous" as the submitter group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; mhwood, tdonohue: thanks. I'll test that in the next days.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Back to the agenda...here's what I believe needs to be completed between today and Monday (Testathon):</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1) Cut RC1 release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2) Update demo.dspace.org for testathon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 3) Draft Monday reminder announcement to kickoff Testathon. Include info about the new test plans, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I *think* that's it (but let me know if I overlooked anything).  I'd appreciate help from others, any volunteers to tackle one of these?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'll take (2).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; how long does it take to cut a release?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks. Even just that alone makes things easier on me... I can always tackle #1 and #3 as needed (if no one else wants to try it out)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Will it save time if I do it for the first time or will this cost more time than it helps?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: it usually doesn't take too long (1-2 hours).  But, first time around, it can take longer...as you might have a lot of questions along the way.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The one issue with RC1 is that we are very time constrained here. It *must* be done before Monday...and it must happen *after* we get final PRs merged.  So, I'm OK with cutting RC1, but then I really do need others to help get final PRs merged / ready to go.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We are here to answer questions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; demo.dspace.org currently has a lot of garbage in it.  I presume the content refresh will happen before the release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I'm not sure if it helps, but I could try to cut it Friday afternoon/evening (CEST).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Something like 4pm-8pm UTC. But I'll definitely will need help.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: we could do that. That might work out fine, considering you could hand it over to me on Friday if it becomes too difficult or you run into issues along the way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; great plan. Do I need some more accounts (maven central, sonatype or something)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Do I need to reactivate my PGP key?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; All the prerequisites are listed in the <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Release Procedure - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; Does demo.dspace.org provide an opportunity for any performance testing or does that not happen until folks install locally and test with their own data?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And yes, we do need to get you setup via Sonatype</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Fine. I'll take a look and talk to you tomorrow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: I can work with you on the prerequisites prior to Friday. You should read them over and setup the accts you need, and I can log a ticket with Sonatype to get you proper permissions, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Release Procedure - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Oh, someone already found that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b3: I agree we probably should cleanup demo.dspace.org prior to testathon (especially the content on the site, which doesn't seem to be refreshing...not sure why)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Something keeps going wrong with JSPUI there as well.  Possibly related.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; mhwood: I fixed this last week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; But it's only a work around.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; There was a PR I still have to review.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b3: and unfortunately, demo.dspace.org doesn't provide us with good capabilities for performance/scalability testing. It's a small server, and will hit memory issues if banged on too hard.  But, I'd encourage someone to setup a performance test elsewhere</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; pbecker: the release docs are good, and the regulars in IRC are all great help with release questions. I can make a point of being on when you're working on cutting the release, if you tell me when you need me here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: when you go to update demo.dspace.org (presumably on Fri, though technically you could just update it based on "master" anytime this week), we might want to look at whether the AIP restore process (which is supposed to cleanup the server) is throwing errors. I can help as needed too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks tdonohue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: and if you get a chance to look at this before Friday, honestly all the better...we could just run demo.dspace.org off of "master" during Testathon. It need not be off the official RC1 necessarily</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hpottinger: thanks. :-) I'll plan to do start on Friday around 4pm UTC.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I will poke around and see what I find.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; tdonohue, we are troubleshooting some AIP restore issues for our test servers.  I do not yet heave enough info to file a bug report, but I expect that we may have one to file soon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: it sounds like pbecker would be doing this on Friday morning (for us)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; If you all can identify an issue with the restore, ping me.  We can see if the issues sound similar to what we are seeing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 1600 UTC is noon here in EDT.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b3: yes, thanks. If there is an issue, it likely is recent. I recall testing AIP restore stuff post-Service API refactor (and it worked then)...but it's possible something since then has caused issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 1100 CDT.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, so it sounds like we have a plan for the coming days:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* pbecker has to close the libray building on Friday evening =&gt; late shift.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1) We all try and get in more of the PRs that are "ready" (especially the last blocker which hpottinger is testing)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2) pbecker will cut RC1 on Friday (around 16UTC). May hand it over to someone else if needed or goes too long</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 3) mhwood will update demo.dspace.org before Monday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 4) tdonohue will draft up the Testathon announcement to send out on Monday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That's it.  Anything I'm forgetting?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes I'm going to try and get our various README / LICENSE files updated prior to RC1 as well... especially that THIRD_PARTY_LICENSES one that we need to update for new major releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That is a big help for the release builder.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It sounds like we have a plan then!  Thanks everyone for being willing to help chip in on this final push to RC1 / Testathon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm noticing we are nearing the end of this meeting. Are there any other official topics folks would like to bring up in this meeting?  (As mentioned, post-meeting, I'd like to do some PR reviews to see if we have other "quick wins" to merge prior to RC1...we can do that over in #dspace in a bit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, not hearing any other topics. In that case, I'm going to close up this meeting.  I need a few minutes break (quick coffee refresh). Then we'll start PR review in #dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pmarrone (~pmarrone@proxy3.psi.unc.edu.ar) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 250 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-220-55-31.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (~kim@lbdigs29.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161168.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (~kim@lbdigs29.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 250 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (~kim@wireless-nat-21.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepher1 (~kim@lbdigs29.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (~kim@wireless-nat-21.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 244 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:40]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepher1 (~kim@lbdigs29.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 244 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Insanity_ (~Insanity@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>