<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2016-01-06
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-jmiludqtfvfrcyvw) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162038.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C5104D.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* acollier (~acollier@99-3-108-111.lightspeed.frsnca.sbcglobal.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome back from the holiday break!  The DSpace Developers Meeting starts now. Our agenda is here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-01-06">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-01-06</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2016-01-06 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-01-06">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-01-06</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, as we left things a few weeks ago, our primary goal right now is to finish up our 6.0 release (in terms of features/major improvements), so that we can work towards an initial Release Candidate.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We have 12 open feature PRs for 6.0.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Before the break, we had hoped for a Feature Freeze of Jan 8 (Friday), but that seems a bit unlikely at this point considering what is still left.  But, we do have a lot of features which really just need a final push (test &amp; verification) from Committers or Developers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yep, here's those 12 feature PRs: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; whoops wrong link</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; here's the 12 feature PRs: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Afeature">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Afeature</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Afeature">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Afeature</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; DS-2654 looks like it's one rebase away.  It was +2 last I checked.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2654">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2654</a> ] - [DS-2654] Reloadable Configurations via Apache Commons Configuration - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, since these are the PRs that are "holding things up", we probably need to concentrate on moving them forward today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; One rebase and a discussion of when to merge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: oh, I didn't notice that DSPR#970 had merge conflicts again (ugh)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/970">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/970</a> ] - DS-2625 Extendable control panel by kosarko</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#1104</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1104">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1104</a> ] - DS-2654: Enhanced Configurations via Apache Commons Configuration by tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (man, I'm bad at links/typing today)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it probably will conflict with every other merge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yes, it probably will</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so... do we merge it first or wait and rebase it after?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, in my mind, I think with DSPR#1104 the question is more... do we want to merge it now?  Or later?  If now, I'll rebase it and we can do it.  If later, I'll likely wait to rebase, and it's going to need another rebase eventually</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1104">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1104</a> ] - DS-2654: Enhanced Configurations via Apache Commons Configuration by tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: if you're on board for two rebases, would it be too much to ask to put it off until the end?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I tend to think sooner rather than later.  It's gonna break things now or later.  The sooner we break, the sooner we can fix.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; We don’t want to delay other PR’s more</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If these other PRs can be tested &amp; merged soon, we are better off *waiting* on 1104.  That way I don't break all 11 of the other PRs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; sounds reasonable (and thanks, tdonohue)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't mind waiting on 1104. But, I really hate to rebase it every other day :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, big breakage in one PR vs. small breakage here and there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it sounds like we'll set aside 1104 for now. I'll leave it "broken" for now, and rebase it once other major feature PRs are merged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (well, not "broken", I should say "unmergeable"...it works)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; When trying to test Shibb authentication, I have encountered some errors in which the AuthenticationService is not initialized when expected.  I will add an explicit bug ticket for this.  I am curious is 1104 will resolve that issue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b: not sure myself. I didn't explicitly change anything to that effect, but it might have been "fixed" by accident if the problem was caused in the configuration layer not loading up properly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Not arguing with the decision, but I would point out that infrastructure merges which break other PRs have an educational function for the rest of us. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yes, it would...but unfortunately many of those remaining 12 feature PRs were not written by Committers...and I hate to lean too heavily on those other developers to rebase their PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if we can at least get in most of those non-Committer PRs, then I don't mind making Committers do more rebase work :) (kidding, mostly)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, then, what next?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It's probably worth doing a status update on all these PRs. I'll admit, I haven't had much time to do PR work over the holidays, so even I have left some "sitting" on my plate.  We need to get these all assigned &amp; ready to get merged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, here's our list again...we'll just start at the top: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Afeature">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Afeature</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Afeature">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Afeature</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#1222</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1222">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1222</a> ] - DS-2583: Quality Control Reporting via REST API (v5) by terrywbrady</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This is assigned to me. I still plan to get to it. I failed to do so over the holidays though. It's on my TODO for Friday or early next week though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; IIRC, hpottinger was also interested in helping get this tested/reviewed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; tdonohue, thank you.  I am eager to see this integrated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yes, I would like to test 1222</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so, I'll bring this forward...and hopefully hpottinger can give it a test too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DSPR#1173</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1173">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1173</a> ] - DS-2894:REST Call to return Optimized Hierarchy by terrywbrady</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Looks like peterdietz was going to test it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: are you able to give 1173 the final push it needs to get into 6.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt;   sign me up for 1173, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I've been OOO for the past 2 weeks. Haven't touched anything. I just finished up something today, so have some slack to test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; can I *assign* this to someone to take the lead on ensuring it is tested?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (i.e. I'd really like to see all these 12 remaining PRs get assigned to someone who is willing to take the lead)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Assign all to Hardy, who will then chase people down?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; that sounds like RT work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll chase people down :)  I just want to ensure I know who to chase :)  Plus, I just want to avoid us all saying "yea, I'll try to test it"...and then end up with no testers by next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; yeah, I'll try to test it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Assigning is a good idea.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so I'll assign to peterdietz then :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; how about Friday 1/8/16, we all agree to make "test some PRs for 6" day</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: not a bad idea. Like a mini-virtual-PR-testathon (in IRC).  I'd take part!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Count me in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* acollier (~acollier@99-3-108-111.lightspeed.frsnca.sbcglobal.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I’ll see what I can do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's on my calendar.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; On my calendar as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; good point, I'll block out the whole day so people can't schedule me for meetings</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so, I assigned 1173 to peterdietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along, DSPR#1166</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1166">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1166</a> ] - DS-2888: JSPUI: Add language tags to submission edit metadata step by pnbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; anyone willing to volunteer to claim this one. The code looked reasonable to me. It actually has +2 it looks like</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 1166 is already at +2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: are you around? Since you did initial testing here, I wonder if you want to do a final verification?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Looks like it needs a final check of twobox cases.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll assign this to helix84 and ping him via the PR.  I think it does need one final test (of the last commit) and then can be merged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; at +2, it's ready to go as soon as someone decides to push the button</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger likes buttons</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I assigned to helix84 and asked him to test &amp; then merge.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DSPR#1163</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1163">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1163</a> ] - DS-2880: Pubmed integration into XMLUI submission by rradillen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Dependent on DSPR#1160, no?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1160">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1160</a> ] - DS-2876 Framework for importing external metadata by jonas-atmire</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Yeah these have dependencies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This is one of three that are tightly related.  1160 is the framework (which is hard to test standalone), and 1163 and DSPR#1162 are implementations (which are more easily testable)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1162">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1162</a> ] - DS-2877 Import of ScienceDirect metadata including embargo and linking to or embedding of the final version by LetitiaMukherjee</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, anyone willing to give 1163 or 1162 a run/test?  Assuming they go well, that'd mean we merge 1160 first, then the others</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I've added them to my list, but I'd have to enlist a librarian to track down some sample data</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; silence... well, I'll help test at least one of these..but it'd be nice to have someone(s) else to help out (perhaps it's one we could go through on Friday?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I feel unsure that I understand e.g. PubMed well enough to test these.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PubMed testing just would require you looking up a paper in PubMed (<a href="http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed)">http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed)</a> and then seeing if this works to import it's metadata into your DSpace submission.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; similar for ScienceDirect: <a href="http://www.sciencedirect.com/">http://www.sciencedirect.com/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ ScienceDirect.com | Science, health and medical journals, full text articles and books. ] - <a href="http://www.sciencedirect.com/">http://www.sciencedirect.com/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, I guess I can do that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I just assigned myself to 1163.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I'll assign mhwood to the PubMed one.. I'll take the ScienceDirect one, but I'd also appreciate others helping to test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK... heh, I was thinking these were batch ingest things... if they are just "look up" things, *I* can search</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, you beat me too it :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; those all ought to be pretty easy to test, I say we start with those on Friday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yep, you can do the testing easily :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds good to start with those on Friday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok...next up, DSPR#1159</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1159">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1159</a> ] - DS-79 Assetstore to support different implementations, including S3 by peterdietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: looks like this one needs rebasing :(  Also, where does it stand with regards to all that Checksum Checker stuff you talked about splitting out?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I tested it before the checksum work.  It was looking well then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: nevermind, I see you fixed checksum checking (mentioned in your latest comments)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: but it does still have a merge conflict.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; there's a comment re the 5GB limit?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, it seems there's several things still to be resolved here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd be glad to try to help test this a bit once it's been rebased, peterdietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It sounds like Roeland has also been helping. I'd encourage others to chip in too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Yeah. Roeland mentioned AWS has another way of pushing really large files.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I have no S3 access, but local disk I got. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; It didn't have merge conflict last i looked at it.. Have I missed a major refactoring/merge to the code?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yeah, this looks like a nice "shiny gold sticker on the box" kind of feature, we should try to get it in for 6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: any timeframe on when you could get this rebased quickly?  I have S3 I could test against.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; aws is SOOO cheap. transferring 10GB of data in, sitting for a month, reading it several times, is likely about 60cents a month</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: not sure what the conflict is...I'm assuming it's something small that went in that conflicted with your stuff (I think there were minor dspace.cfg changes that went in recently)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, I'm going to move along for now. I can help test 1159 on Friday, if it gets rebased</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I don't think I'll add 5GB+ support to this PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next is 1104...skipping, we already talked about it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#994</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I've added 1159 to my list, I'll rebase it on my own if I have to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/994">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/994</a> ] - DS-2659 new extensible platform health check reports with emailing by vidiecan</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; peterdietz:  good plan.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 994 is a mess of a PR. This needs major work still, and helix84 is assigned already</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll ping him via a comment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, next one, DSPR#989</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/989">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/989</a> ] - DS-2629 mediafilter addition: ExcelFilter.java by edgo914</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; assigned to KevinVdV.  Any updates? Or do you need help/support on this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Well there is currently a merge conflict, but it should be one or two lines to fix it. I think I’ll create a PR against this one &amp; fire a pull request to fix it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Looks like from latest comments it might need rebasing for Service API</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Hopefully it can be accepted &amp; then I we can test/merge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV: since this is a non-Committer, it might be better to just generate a new PR based on this one?  Otherwise, I worry we could be slowed if he doesn't immediately accept your PR against his branch?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Agreed, I’ll create a new PR based on his code &amp; give him the credit.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Then I can test &amp; +1 if it works</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i.e. seems like you could pull his commits into a new branch, add the fixes &amp; then generate a new PR. That way his commits still are in there + the credit :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV sounds good, thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DSPR#90</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/90">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/90</a> ] - [DS-1144] Maven Project Consolidation by mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#970</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/970">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/970</a> ] - DS-2625 Extendable control panel by kosarko</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (wow 90 is a blast from the past..thanks typo)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 970 is also assigned to KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Added a few to fix notes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Will need to look into the oai comment, but the other one needs to be fixed, after that it can be merged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, looks like we are waiting on at least one fix here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, moving along then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#801</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/801">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/801</a> ] - DS-1262 CSV export of search results in XMLUI by wwelling</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; also assigned KevinVdV (three in a row)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Also added some comments on the code itself that need to be fixed. Some copy pasting &amp; things that can be handled cleaner</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It looks like code changes are still outstanding here too?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; is this another "rebase and new PR"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; No more general code cleanup</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Requires some work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I have to sign off and run to another meeting.  tdonohue, peterdietz, hpottinger, I will be back in the office on Friday if you encounter any issues testing my PR's.  Thanks for doing that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It seems like both 801 and 970 both need general code cleanup, or else they may miss the 6.0 release.  If anyone is willing to do the code cleanup on behalf of the developer, then please do feel free to create a new PR &amp; pull in their commits. Otherwise, we have to admit, these could be delayed to post-6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hopefully though, the developers will be responsive. I'm just noting here that 801 and 970 may miss our release if they sit for too long</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, that's it for our "feature" PRs.  It sounds like we have some sort of plan for most of them, and a mini-IRC-Testathon for this Friday!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 1160, 1159, 1104 remain unassigned.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1160 is "untestable" (its a framework) and relies on testing of 1162 and 1163 (at least in my mind that seems right)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1159 is unassigned. I guess I can claim it (I meant to)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1104 is already "approved" but is supposed to be merged near the end. I can rebase &amp; merge it when we are ready for it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, thanks for the verification, mhwood!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One last thing to mention before we go. I did manage to do this over the break: DSPR#1235</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1235">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1235</a> ] - DS-2187 : Remove Lucene search support by tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thank you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I marked it as a code task though, but I think we should consider getting it in quickly)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Another last thing:  27 "improvement" PRs open.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd appreciate anyone with extra time to give it a run through. I think I ripped out all the Lucene stuff (including all the search configs from dspace.cfg)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yes, there are a ton of improvements still. We need to get through all of those as well.  We have a lot on our plates still, and anyone with free time to test is *highly encouraged* to grab a PR of interest (large or small) and give it a run through.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll also warn that with the improvements, we already have several that have merge conflicts. More will be encountering merge conflicts (especially after 1104 goes in), so if there are of any of high importance, please ensure they are getting rebased/updated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, I think that's all the updates for today. Any last topics/notes from anyone?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I could use some help testing: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1226">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1226</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-2898] Add support for all authentication methods in the rest api by KevinVdV · Pull Request #1226 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1226">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1226</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; In theory every authentication should now work with the rest with this PR (but shibboleth isn’t fully operational yet). But if anybody could aid me in testing LDAP it would be a great relief</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I unfortunately don't have an LDAP handy...but I'm hoping someone else does</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Since there's no other major topics, we'll close out the formal meeting. REMINDER: This Friday (Jan 8), in #dspace IRC, we'll be doing a mini-PR-testathon of outstanding 6.0 PRs (mostly features, but others welcome too).  Join us!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV: sounds like we need to find someone with an LDAP handy to try it out.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; IIRC helix84 has some contact with LDAP.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Ok good to know, need to run now though, getting quite late here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Until next week ! I’ll try to get some PR’s merged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C5104D.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="http://www.philipp.haussleiter.de/2013/07/nice-vagrant-script-for-setting-up-a-ldap-vm-for-testing/">http://www.philipp.haussleiter.de/2013/07/nice-vagrant-script-for-setting-up-a-ldap-vm-for-testing/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Philipps Blog » Nice Vagrant Script for setting up a LDAP VM for Testing ] - <a href="http://www.philipp.haussleiter.de/2013/07/nice-vagrant-script-for-setting-up-a-ldap-vm-for-testing/">http://www.philipp.haussleiter.de/2013/07/nice-vagrant-script-for-setting-up-a-ldap-vm-for-testing/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162038.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:28]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* terry-b (~chrome@71-35-109-90.tukw.qwest.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>