<span class="irc-date">[6:40]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:40]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:40]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:40]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162038.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kohts (~kohts@109.252.50.1) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome to this week's DSpace DevMtg. Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-02-03">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-02-03</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2016-02-03 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-02-03">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-02-03</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (A friendly ping to wake up Commiters: helix84, hpottinger, mhwood, peterdietz, terry-b)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, before we jump into 6.0 (the primary topic), I did want to remind folks about the DSpace UI Prototype Challenge status: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+UI+Prototype+Challenge">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+UI+Prototype+Challenge</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace UI Prototype Challenge - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+UI+Prototype+Challenge">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+UI+Prototype+Challenge</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That wiki page includes links to (nearly) all the slidedecks describing prototypes, and (soon) will include all the video recordings of the talks/discussion (most are already there)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; pong!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Starting next week (emails forthcoming), we will begin to ask EVERYONE (who is willing) to add feedback on prototypes to the Evaluation Form at <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XWxEERh0UXCOo7LhocMMaqbY2u4b6oI11oWOjSp_aSQ/edit">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XWxEERh0UXCOo7LhocMMaqbY2u4b6oI11oWOjSp_aSQ/edit</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace UI Prototype Evaluation Form - Google Sheets ] - <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XWxEERh0UXCOo7LhocMMaqbY2u4b6oI11oWOjSp_aSQ/edit">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XWxEERh0UXCOo7LhocMMaqbY2u4b6oI11oWOjSp_aSQ/edit</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I have been impressed at the quality of the prototypes!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The Evaluation Form has one tab per prototype, and there's now a simple "Public Comments" table at the top of each page.  We ask that everyone please take some time in the next week or so to add in your comments, as we *will* use these comments in the evaluation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree with terry-b, we've had a lot of great prototypes, which makes our decision even harder ;)  But, that's also why we really need folks to enter your feedback</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; any chance you can ping us when all the video links are there?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; When the video links are all there, I will be pinging the *entire community* on this (all major lists).  Right now, you can get started early :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We also will be scheduling some followup discussions/meetings (next week) for Committers and UI Working Group members to talk through opinions, etc.  An email about that will be going out later today (after this mtg)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other immediate questions here? I'll be sending a timeline of next steps to Committers / UI working group members (later today), and get them sent publicly once all videos are available.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll also briefly mention that we had one more prototype presentation scheduled for tomorrow. That one has been canceled (the developer has withdrawn his prototype).  Again, that will go out in an email later today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds like no questions here..so, we can move along to 6.0 topics</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; which one has been withdrawn?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jcreel (~jcreel@jcreel.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The recently "withdrawn" prototype is #5 : Java API + Jersey + Twirl  (I'll be sending that out to Committers/UI Working group folks / other prototype creators later today)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, moving along to 6.0 topics now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Obviously, we need to get to 6.0 Feature Freeze ASAP, but we still need to finish getting in last features / major improvements and stabilize things (there's a few larger bugs we likely should squash)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First and foremost though, we have one outstanding feature: DSPR#1162</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1162">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1162</a> ] - DS-2877 Import of ScienceDirect metadata including embargo and linking to or embedding of the final version by LetitiaMukherjee</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It sounds like it's *still* buggy (I gather)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yep</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, looks like helix84 is doing good testing here (thanks!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'd love that one to go in, but it needs some more clean up from the submitter(s)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I hope they can get to it in the next few days</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; They've been very active in other PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. So, I think we'll need to make a decision how much longer we wait (but they have been responsive/quick)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; well we still have improvements go go through</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, we do..which is where I was going to go next</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Aimprovement">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Aimprovement</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Aimprovement">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Aimprovement</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; 19 open (though some of them have fallen behind master and need small updates)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; is KevinVdV the RC for 6?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we don't really have an RC. No one stepped forward (and I cannot honestly even claim that role in its entirety, with everything else going on in parallel), so we are working much more "ad hoc" as a Committers Group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; regarding the improvements though, I did a quick check of them today to see which have merge conflicts &amp; flagged them &amp; added a comment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There's 6 in that group, which leaves us with the other 13</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Shall we go through them today (from the top) for a quick status/update check, and see if we can find volunteers (as needed)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; good plan</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; then we also have a couple of refactoring/technical debt tasks: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3A%22code+task%22">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3A%22code+task%22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; from the top then, DSPR#1253</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3A%22code+task%22">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3A%22code+task%22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1253">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1253</a> ] - DS-3009 Allow classpath definition of command line tools by rradillen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So this one is newer, no comments/testers yet on the code itself or the idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; To me, this seems like a nice idea. Would need docs though, and I admit to not having tested it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Interesting, not urgent.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, agreed. It would be nice to be able to "inject" these commands via Spring, instead of having the flat XML....so, that's the big benefit here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If anyone is interested, please assign yourself to the PR / test it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I claimed the next one - StartTLS in LDAP</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along, DSPR#1248</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1248">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1248</a> ] - [DS-1518] Support of StartTLS in LDAPAuthentication. by christian-scheible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks helix84</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One note helix84, just scanning the code...that will need fixes to the new config added to authentication-ldap...it'll need prefixing with "authentication-ldap.".  I'll add a comment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Got it. I've already been playing with it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along, next up DSPR#1226 (terry-b you around?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1226">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1226</a> ] - [DS-2898] Add support for all authentication methods in the rest api by KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I am here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I need to resolve the other issues I have encountered with Shibb in XMLUI before I can resume testing on this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any updates to share on this? I know you and KevinVdV have been working hard at getting this functional for all AuthN (Shib, esp)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Kevin suggested some additional diagnostics to add to this, but I feel like I have been going in circles on this issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, that's right. Thanks, terry-b. I'll be glad to help look over your Shibb fixes for master (as at least some of them are related to Commons Config)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is anyone else using Shib and could help test 1226 (once the other Shib issues are resolved on master)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jcreel&gt; Shibboleth is in use at Texas A&amp;M and would be very useful for us in the REST API.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm using Shib, however I'm not currently running master on any machine that uses Shib</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; jcreel: perhaps you all could help test out 1226 then, once we get the Shib configs fixed on master?  I'll try to ping you via GitHub once we are ready again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I can pitch in with help testing, though, and really *should* stand up a test instance of master.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: your help would also be appreciated. It sounds like we may just need more help testing to see if it's *one Shib* or *all Shibs* that are affected.  Maybe it'd help us narrow down what may be wrong</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, I'm going to move along for now then. We've got a few possible helpers/testers we can ping once basic Shib auth is fixed up again (hopefully very soon)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DSPR#1214</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1214">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1214</a> ] - [DS-1494] Facilitate use of jndi.properties instead of DSpace configuration for LDAP credentials by mwoodiupui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: any interest in this one, since you claimed the other LDAP one?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Just needs another +1.  The original poster hasn't been heard from in a while.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: I haven't looked at that one, but sure, I'll take a look</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Just glancing at the code, it looks like we *might* end up with some (possibly minor) code conflicts betweeen 1214 and 1248 anyhow...so it'd be good to test them together somewhat</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks helix84!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: meanwhile, I posted some feedback on your DSPR/1257</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along, DSPR#1211 (terry-b should this be closed in favor of 1226 above)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1211">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1211</a> ] - Process headers to allow shibb and ip authentication by terrywbrady</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks for feedback as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; We can close it for now. If 1226 does not work, we can recreate this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. yea, closing it won't *delete* anything anyhow, and you can always reopen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll close it then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue is skipping 1138, as it has a merge conflict</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DSPR#1129</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1129">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1129</a> ] - Fix: Bitstream&amp;#39;s retrieval&amp;#39;s response without filename by BrunoNZ</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This seems like a *very tiny* change</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (to REST API)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Looks reasonable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It seems good to me. Anyone want to give it a quick run through? I'll add a +1 for the code itself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'll probably get to it tomorrow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks helix84. I added my +1 for the code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue is skipping 1118, merge conflict</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#1044</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1044">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1044</a> ] - [DS-1837] Create a separate Maven artifact for the MultiRemoteDSpaceRepositoryHandlePlugin by mwoodiupui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; This one now just removes code that has been moved to another project.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is this just a removal of the code now? (since it's now over in a separate GitHub project?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: in that case, I'd say we just merge this.  But, we need some sort of *reminder* to release that separate project *prior to 6.0*.  So, the ticket may need to stay open with a comment to release it prior to 6.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Looks like it kept some reindenting and rearrangement I did in modules/pom.xml.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that's fine. the fixing of spacing is no big deal. I noticed that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I say merge it. Add a comment to ticket to remind us to release it via Maven</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I need to figure out how to release it.  It isn't really a dependency of anything.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I wanted to run one more improvement by you that I think must be in 6.0: DS-2619</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2619">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2619</a> ] - [DS-2619] REST needs a versioned API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: It'd be release the same way we release the lang packs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, I'll look at those.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (even if it isn't a dependency, it's the same process)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I prepared at least a poor-man's edition of versioning - just return DSpace version via REST</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; <a href="https://github.com/helix84/DSpace/commit/0da39363d14502a30626a89f2be00ecef83f71f2">https://github.com/helix84/DSpace/commit/0da39363d14502a30626a89f2be00ecef83f71f2</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-2619 add DSpace version to /rest/status · helix84/DSpace@0da3936 · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/helix84/DSpace/commit/0da39363d14502a30626a89f2be00ecef83f71f2">https://github.com/helix84/DSpace/commit/0da39363d14502a30626a89f2be00ecef83f71f2</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Shall I just merge this with a note?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Is this approach fine by y'all?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: +1 to merge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: good question</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: honestly, since the REST API should only change in major releases, that approach seems reasonable. We could just version it based on the major version of DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: you around? I know REST API versioning is a topic of interest to you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; hey</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I could imaging adding new endpoints to a minor release but not restructuring major calls</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: minor feedback on your code is to try to clean up your repetition of logic...have a "getDSpaceMajorVersion()" method, instead of re-parsing it out all over ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Thats not quite the direction of versioning i was planning, but, I suppose it works.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: sure, that actually had a reason that is now not valid anymore :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b: minor releases are supposed to just be for bug fixes though, right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; ...and I haven't suggested a better alternative</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; peterdietz: what have you been planning?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I don't know the best way to manage API's, but I was thinking along the lines of a /rest/v1, /rest/v2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; tdonohue, I did not realize that was the intent of minor releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b: yep, we only allow bug fixes in minor releases these days. See our "Release Numbering Scheme": <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Releases#Releases-ReleaseNumberingScheme">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Releases#Releases-ReleaseNumberingScheme</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Releases - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Releases#Releases-ReleaseNumberingScheme">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Releases#Releases-ReleaseNumberingScheme</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; what's the "best practice" for versioning REST APIs? What do developers expect us to do?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; thanks for the clarification</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; peterdietz: well, I tend to agree but I don't think there's a person who would maintain the translation layers in the future</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; From my understanding (correct me, peterdietz if I'm wrong)...there two ways of "versioning" REST APIs.  the /rest/v1 /rest/v2 way...and the way helix84 did it.  There's no "clear winner"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe just one version back?  Give folks a chance to upgrade without keeping in lockstep with DSpace releases?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'd be all for peter's suggestion, if we had the code to go to 6.0.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; For *our* purposes, it might be easier on *us* to go with helix84's solution.  We wouldn't have to maintain *two* (or more) versions of a REST API in parallel.  For example, do we really want a v1 and v2 REST API *both* in 6.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Granted, DSpace is developed in full view, so folks can prepare in *advance* of our releases.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; the reason why I want at least something to go to 6.0 is that the API user will have a way of telling apart the versions (which is now missing)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think as long as we include REST API changes in our Upgrade/Release Notes, it makes sense to version the REST API in major releases.  That way we can tell folks (before they upgrade) what to watch out for</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I like the simple approach helix84 is taking, in that case.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I think I'm convincing myself that I like helix84's solution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I have no strong feelings about either way; I'm just generating ideas.  And simple is good.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there any strong objections to helix84's solution?  Anyone else out there highly dependent on REST and have opinions here (jcreel? or others)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, devs can query the version endpoint, and if they get an error they know they're dealing with the 5x version of our REST-API</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yes...and in the future, they'll get back what version of the API they *are* working with</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; sounds good to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: v5 or v4, neither has that attribute in the /status response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oh, yes... hrmm... no answer would mean &lt;6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; true. we could "backport" it potentially, if folks really wanted it. But, that'd be another 5.x and/or 4.x release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; but you could deduce it by trying to get a token</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; So, a client wanting to use /rest/hierarchy, could either do an annoying dance, and query if /rest/hierarchy is available, or have some internal book-keeping that knows that /rest/hierarchy isn't available until major version 6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: that's the reason why I wanted to get it to 6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We've gone on a big tangent here (and nearly out of time now).  Should we just vote on this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'd feel bad, except from where I'm sitting, it all looks like an annoying dance :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm +1 on helix84's solution. Just needs an official PR / ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; so.. this sounds reasonable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; other votes here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; same, +1 helix84's approach</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Since we have nothing else coming along:  +1;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; +1 here as well.  Sounds appropriate for where we are</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; +84 helix1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'll have the PR ready tomorrow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks helix84: sounds like you have the go ahead :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; since I already seem to have the stage, I'd like to ask is anyone opposed to DSPR#1264?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we are now at the top of the hour. We didn't make it through all the improvement PRs, but I think we'll have to stop there (I have to jump off to a few other tasks)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1264">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1264</a> ] - DS-3016 upgrade dependencies before 6.0 release (2) by helix84</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm never opposed to fresher dependencies that don't break anything.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no objections, though we don't have full test coverage... so we'll have to keep an eye out during testathon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; overall it looks good though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: that's the intention :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 'tis what testathon is for</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; with pbecker it's now +2, my hand has been itching to merge this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, regarding Testathon &amp; the release schedule... We obviously are "way off" schedule at this point. I am going to notify the community that the 6.0 release is delayed (likely this week sometime).  I don't know we can narrow down dates *yet*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; i don't have reservations on the dependency bump. At least regarding AWS/S3</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; If anyone wants to take a look at the few upgrades that cause build failures, I separated them out into easy subtasks of DS-3016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3016">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3016</a> ] - [DS-3016] upgrade dependencies before 6.0 release - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thank you for that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; (those are excluded from this PR)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, any help that *anyone* can provide to test 6.0 PRs would be VERY welcome...we need to get back on schedule soon, and not delay indefinitely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; s/on schedule/on a schedule/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; tdonohue meant to say: But, any help that *anyone* can provide to test 6.0 PRs would be VERY welcome...we need to get back on a schedule soon, and not delay indefinitely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; My current anticipation is that 6.0 isn't likely before mid-March. We just aren't near enough to an RC1....even though we *are* doing great work stabilizing things, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and even mid-March would be early, likely)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; (sounds like post spring break, then)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Highly relevant - list of blockers: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3024?jql=project%20%3D%20DS%20AND%20status%20in%20(Received%2C%20%22More%20Details%20Needed%22%2C%20%22Volunteer%20Needed%22%2C%20%22Code%20Review%20Needed%22%2C%20Accepted)%20AND%20priority%20%3D%20Blocker">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3024?jql=project%20%3D%20DS%20AND%20status%20in%20(Received%2C%20%22More%20Details%20Needed%22%2C%20%22Volunteer%20Needed%22%2C%20%22Code%20Review%20Needed%22%2C%20Accepted)%20AND%20priority%20%3D%20Blocker</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3024">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3024</a> ] - [DS-3024] &amp;quot;Administrator&amp;quot; and &amp;quot;Anonymous&amp;quot; groups can be renamed, which would cause them to no longer function in 6.x - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3024?jql=project%20%3D%20DS%20AND%20status%20in%20(Received%2C%20%22More%20Details%20Needed%22%2C%20%22Volunteer%20Needed%22%2C%20%22Code%20Review%20Needed%22%2C%20Accepted)%20AND%20priority%20%3D%20Blocker">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3024?jql=project%20%3D%20DS%20AND%20status%20in%20(Received%2C%20%22More%20Details%20Needed%22%2C%20%22Volunteer%20Needed%22%2C%20%22Code%20Review%20Needed%22%2C%20Accepted)%20AND%20priority%20%3D%20Blocker</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've been testing SQL for 3024 as we "speak".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, honestly, thanks to everyone for your hard work! This is a massive release (in terms of API refactoring) which has shaken loose a bunch of "spaghetti-ish" code...and I think we're just finding ourselves having to trudge through that and fix things that have been "not so great" for some time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: much appreciated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, thanks helix84: we have a lot of blockers still to fix up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: I'll add it to this meeting's agenda to be copied to the next one :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks for that. You might also want to narrow those blockers by *6.0*...not sure they currently are</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; although, nevermind..they look to be 6.0 anyways :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I just want to mention an agenda item that we didn't get to, so we can be thinking about it:  there is still some uncertainty about our direction on PDF rendering.  Lots of good work has been contributed but we are still wavering.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, with that, I'm going to close up today's meeting. If anyone has time, please help out in testing any PRs flagged for 6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kohts (~kohts@109.252.50.1) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; PDF rendering?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: for thumbs or for cover pages?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: you mean DS-2159, right. It just needs a volunteer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2159">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2159</a> ] - [DS-2159] Deprecate XPDF in DSpace 5, remove in DSpace 6 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kohts (~kohts@109.252.50.1) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yeah I wanted to talk about that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There's unfinished discussion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; PDFbox 2.0.0 is now @ RC3</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; we might want to bump that dependency</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Feel free to continue discussion here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; non-ASCII support for cover pages depends on that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe the way forward is to go ahead and finish off 2159, and then see what we want to do next.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; if there are any bugs in 2.0.0, we may bump it in 6.x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think we have a few different issues here.   2159 should be done, as XPDF is no longer maintained.  PDFBox and ImageMagick are being used for (slightly) different reasons right now, so we may still need them in parallel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; needs volunteer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think it's clear that we don't need XPDF *and* ImageMagick call-outs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So, removing XPDF support is needed regardless of any other developments.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; XPDF was the "alternative" to PDFBox actually (when PDFBox was a nearly dying project).  Now, PDFBox has been picked up by Apache, and is rebuilding itself &amp; thriving again, while XPDF is dying</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I just moved 2159 to "needs volunteer" hope you all don't mind</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Since then, we've also added ImageMagick support for enhanced thumbnails (for both images &amp; PDF).  It's NOT just for PDF</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And, since then, PDFBox also has become used for the PDF  "coverpage" code.  So, PDFBox and ImageMagick are doing *different* things. They are both needed. It's only XPDF that is not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; correct me if I'm wrong, pdfbox is now used for cover pages, pdf thumbanils and pdf text extraction</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, in the end, 2159 just needs a volunteer here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: by default yes.  But, if you want, you can use ImageMagick (if you install it separately on your OS) to have enhanced PDF thumbnails (to replace just that one part of PDFBox)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PDFBox is our "bundled" default for all that.  ImageMagick is an option extension you can use if you want to install it separately</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I don't think there's anything we can do right now other than remove XPDF</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; removing XPDF seems to have no objections</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; what do you think about upgrading PDFbox to 2.0.0, perhaps even 2.0.0rc3?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; nope. I think we should remove it ASAP, once we get someone to rip it out for us (shouldn't be too hard, I'd think...mostly just delete that MediaFilter class and its configs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PDFBox to 2.0.0 sounds fine, as long as we can get our code upgraded too (for cover pages, pdf text extraction, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; From what I've read, 2.0.0 shouldn't have any breaking changes for us</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm hesitant though to upgrade to an RC3 though (as we could be dealing with instability there)... I'd rather it be 2.0.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kohts (~kohts@109.252.50.1) Quit (Ping timeout: 250 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, I volunteer for 2959.  I can rip out code as well as any other monkey. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; well, they're 3 RSs ahead of us, so I think they'll get there before us</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'll prepare the change and test it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: 2159 you mean?  Feel free to claim it. Hopefully it's just removing the Media Filter &amp; its configs &amp; docs. Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Woops, yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks helix84: yea, as long as they plan to release 2.0.0 soonish (hopefully they beat us to release)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I gotta step away now. Thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162038.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: they've had steady progress on that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I linked today's log to DS-1865 where the recent discussion has been.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1865">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1865</a> ] - [DS-1865] XPDF requires manually installing a JAR which is NOT available in Maven Central - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That one should also link to any new issue about upgrading PDFBox.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: we may already have one due to cover pages. I'll look into that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; let's switch to #dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
