<span class="irc-date">[1:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lo5an (~lo5an@unaffiliated/lo5an) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lo5an (~lo5an@unaffiliated/lo5an) Quit (Quit: Textual IRC Client: www.textualapp.com)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fejsxwswfanprxqu) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* helix84 (~ctenar@unaffiliated/helix84) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~ctenar@unaffiliated/helix84) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-adams.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-adams.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-adams.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-adams.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cwilper (~cwilper@ec2-54-213-30-97.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cwilper_ (~cwilper@ec2-54-213-30-97.us-west-2.compute.amazonaws.com) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jcreel (~jcreel@jcreel.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/session) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jcreel_ (~jcreel@jcreel.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jcreel (~jcreel@jcreel.tamu.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jcreel_ is now known as jcreel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/session) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-uogktllapxaogzaq) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hello all, welcome. It's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Meeting: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-01-20">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-01-20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2016-01-20 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-01-20">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-01-20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As in recent weeks, the primary goal today is to make headway towards our 6.0 Feature Freeze, so that we can get closer to a 6.0 RC1, and get some better release dates nailed down</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I missed last week's meeting, but I saw that those in attendance did a good job of trying to push that forward, by reviewing the 6.0 feature PRs &amp; sending along requests for updates as needed.  So, thanks for that all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's where we now stand with regards to 6.0 Feature PRs: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Afeature">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Afeature</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Afeature">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Afeature</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; While we have 7 still remaining, there's quite a few that look to be waiting on response/updates from the PR creators.  So, it might be good to use today to prioritize these in terms of importance, and figure out what to do with ones "needing more work"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'd like to do *very brief* updates on each very quickly, so that we can then have time to strategize on where to go next</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm going to start from the top, and ping people (as needed) for a brief update</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#1163 (mhwood working on)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1163">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1163</a> ] - DS-2880: Pubmed integration into XMLUI submission by rradillen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; From what I read, this looks like it is waiting on updates?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Submitter has been working through things as I complain.  I think it's just about ready.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I found one last little change that I needed to make it work with Mirage 1.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK. Has submitter been responsive? Or do we need to "take over" this PR (create a new one based on it) to make the few last (seemingly small) fixes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Reasonably responsive.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; My last complaint is only 23 hours old.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK. I'd recommend we ping them post-meeting to see if they can get this updated by end of week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It took a while to figure out Firefox's JS debugger.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving along (for time), next up: DSPR#1162 (assigned me, but hpottinger has been testing it more than I so far)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1162">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1162</a> ] - DS-2877 Import of ScienceDirect metadata including embargo and linking to or embedding of the final version by LetitiaMukherjee</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It sounds like this one is also in need of updates for Mirage 1?  Plus we need an API key?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I could always see if I could request an API key "on behalf of" demo.dspace.org that we could use. I don't know how long that's gonna take though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I'm assuming we'd want such an API key anyways to show off this feature)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sensible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think the code came partly from a different source, but it may have some of the same Mirage 1 issues.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll get in touch with Letitia (who commented on the PR about the API key) and see if we can get a general key for our Demo site that we can use for more testing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along for now... DSPR#1160 seems to depend really on testing the previous two...it'll need merger for either of the above. So, I'm skipping it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1160">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1160</a> ] - DS-2876 Framework for importing external metadata by jonas-atmire</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#1104 (me, sitting at +3)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1104">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1104</a> ] - DS-2654: Enhanced Configurations via Apache Commons Configuration by tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Any reason not to pull it as soon as those last collisions are sorted?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Main update here is that 1104 is honestly "ready to go". I just need to do a final "rebase" once we are ready and move over the documentation. Plus make time for additional documentation changes (as many configs changed names).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: no, as mentioned previously on #dspace, 1104 is getting too large to manage. It now touches 317 files, and has a merge conflict with almost every new commit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I would urge pulling it as soon as it is rebased.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I will warn though that others of these feature PRs may need (hopefully minor) rebasing as soon as it's merged. But, I'm glad to give developers tips/hints on the changes they'd need to make to rebase</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Fair enough.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm OK with pulling 1104 ASAP, assuming no one else has objections to raise here. I'd rather help others learn this anyhow, than keep rebasing it over and over again :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Please do that thing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, will do. If anyone reading this has objections, please raise them to me today. I'll merge 1104 (likely) first thing tomorrow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along now... DSPR#994</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/994">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/994</a> ] - DS-2659 new extensible platform health check reports with emailing by vidiecan</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I agree that this needs more work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I added concerns to this PR as comments. This needs updates and cannot be merged as-is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If the developer is unresponsive, this will have to miss 6.0. But, we'll see if they respond</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along, DSPR#970</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/970">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/970</a> ] - DS-2625 Extendable control panel by kosarko</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This one seems reasonable to me. It sits at +1.  I do notice that it adds some new configs, so there might be minor conflicts here with 1104</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hm, well, it's +2 with helix84's earlier test.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (If there are conflicts though, they look to be minor)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Well, one option here is to merge this more immediately....then in my final rebase of 1104, I can make any small updates that are needed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's quiet in here today.  Yes, that seems reasonable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It is quiet here :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, for 970, I probably could give it a really quick run through this afternoon &amp; (hopefully) merge it. Then I'll update 1104 in the morning &amp; merge it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK by me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That's the plan then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Last one on the list (of features), DSPR#801</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/801">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/801</a> ] - DS-1262 CSV export of search results in XMLUI by wwelling</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Looks like this is waiting on response?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There's a lot of line notes here, and it seems like wwelling hasn't responded or worked on this since Dec 2014? (i.e. over one year ago)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It seems like the only way this is going to move forward is for us to claim it (create a new PR from it) and refactor it as we see fit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hm, you're right, only others commenting since a year ago.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll add a comment to that effect, see if we can find a (new) volunteer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jcreel&gt; Hey, I've got wwelling in the room and he'd like to take it back on.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jcreel&gt; He wasn't getting notifications from GitHub for some reason.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; jcreel: oh, cool. Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If we could get this rebased/refactored in the next week, I think there's still time. We just really need to move this forward ASAP, if possible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jcreel&gt; We see the abstraction suggested by rradillen and it looks desirable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Does getting this fixed up in about a week seem reasonable/doable, jcreel?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jcreel&gt; It can get done by end of next week at the very latest.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds good. I'd ask that you or wwelling please try to give us an update prior (or at) next week's DevMtg (Jan 27 @ 15:00UTC).  That'll be our check-point, if it hasn't been updated prior to then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jcreel&gt; Sounds good.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks again, jcreel (and pass along our thanks to wwelling as well)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes please.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jcreel&gt; He's more than happy to work on it and is sorry he didn't see the activity on the comments on GitHub.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so that is our full list of outstanding Feature PRs.  Sounds like we have plans for nearly all of them (those that we could make plans for today)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any that still require action from developers (who are not here today) we should add comments to, in order to ping folks and give them a timeline of getting back by next week's DevMtg.  I'm wanting to try and get a feature freeze in place next week, and the Jan 27 DevMtg will be our final checkpoint</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (at least, that's my goal. We really need to get into a feature freeze)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, that brings us to the other 6.0 PRs...namely improvements &amp; bug fixes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, and "code tasks" (of which there are a few as well)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Before we jump into a list of all those, I'd like to highlight my other outstanding (larger) PR to remove Lucene: DSPR#1235</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1235">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1235</a> ] - DS-2187 : Remove Lucene search support by tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The only reason I want to highlight it is that, again, it's a large PR (mostly removal though, but 7K lines of it).  Plus, it's something we really need to ensure gets into 6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It's sitting at +1...with some side comments (on a separate topic though) from other developers. I'd really like another tester though. I honestly don't think it's controversial though, and we can do more cleanup later if needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (hpottinger &amp; aschweer's comments here are mostly on DS-2268, which is only loosely related, and may not be fully fixed by this PR...but that's OK, as it's goal was not to directly fix it anyhow)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2268">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2268</a> ] - [DS-2268] OpenSearch is still dependent on Lucene indexing, which might not be enabled - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood is pondering how to test it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It's really about pulling it down, building it...making sure that nothing obviously breaks (during build or when bringing up webapps &amp; searching/browsing)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As mentioned, it's mostly a giant amount of code removal, with a few minor changes needed to extract Lucene in favor of Solr</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I will try to find time to check it out.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm mostly just wanting verification that nothing significant has broken (and it shouldn't have) before we merge it. If we find small issues here and there later on (in testing or testathon), we can obviously log them and get them fixed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, thanks, mhwood. I appreciate it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Anyone looking for something tiny might want to consider DSPR#1019</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1019">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1019</a> ] - [DS-2463] iplists.com-non_engines.txt is outdated and slow by mwoodiupui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, since we are running short on time, are there other specific 6.0 PRs folks would like to highlight for quick review?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; pbecker, I am interested in your opinion of DSPR#1044, as well as other reviewers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1019...uh, yea. I'll give that a +1.  It'd be a huge benefit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1044">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1044</a> ] - [DS-1837] Create a separate Maven artifact for the MultiRemoteDSpaceRepositoryHandlePlugin by mwoodiupui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; mhwood: sorry. First thin I'll do tomorrow (will leave the office in 6 minutes).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; s/thin/thing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; pbecker meant to say: mhwood: sorry. First thing I'll do tomorrow (will leave the office in 6 minutes).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thank you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes it is late there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; should have done this weeks before.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other PRs to highlight today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; have to run. bye!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; #1171?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#1171</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sorry, DSPR#1171</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1171">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1171</a> ] - DS-2796 Solr core auto-discovery (static cores) by helix84</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1171">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1171</a> ] - DS-2796 Solr core auto-discovery (static cores) by helix84</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I just stumbled on that one too. It looks interesting, but sounds like it needs more testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Drat, unfinished.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I need to examine DSPR#1149.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1149">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1149</a> ] - Remove unused support for multiple kernels by akotynski</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, it sounds like it needs more work...if anyone is willing to help here, 1171 sounds like a nice *simplification*, but it's not fully working yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1149: yes, this looks both interesting, and in need of a ton of testing (as it's so core to DSpace).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, I like the idea behind 1149. It just needs closer investigation / testing (volunteers welcome)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As we're now at an hour though, I think we'll stop there for today (plus it has been a mostly quiet group today)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, I have a big todo list already. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll add a comment to outstanding 6.0 feature PRs that we need updates (or updated status) by next week.  We'll then aim for trying to get to a feature freeze sometime next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; With that, the official meeting is closed. I'll still be around (though trying to work on some PR testing/merging) as needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'll be here for another hour as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jcreel&gt; So, we did a module to add functionality to the REST API whereby you could change the bundle of a bitstream.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jcreel&gt; It might be a nice pull request for 7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jcreel&gt; so, not a priority exactly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Please write it up, when you have a moment, so it can get some attention.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jcreel&gt; I sent an email to the dspace-devel list that describes my concerns</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jcreel&gt; Now, should one make pull requests against the master branch?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Great.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I usually do, unless they are specifically for some other (usually older) branch.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; jcreel: yes, we always recommend PRs against "master" branch (the only exception would be if you were fixing a bug specific to an older version of DSpace)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jcreel&gt; Sounds about right.  Yeah, the methods on the DSOs changed considerably from 5.x to master.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jcreel&gt; So the improvement would need a bit of rewriting that raises some interesting issues.  Anyway, i provided some detail in my email.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I will take a look at that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jcreel&gt; Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
