<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2016-09-28
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mikeAtUVa (~md5wz@d-137-54-155-161.dhcp.virginia.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:55]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mikeAtUVa (~md5wz@d-137-54-155-161.dhcp.virginia.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@162.104.218.179) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@162.104.218.179) Quit (Quit: later, taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@129.237.45.105) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@162.104.218.179) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (57145faf@gateway/web/freenode/ip.87.20.95.175) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lap82 (5feee2d6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.95.238.226.214) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@162.104.218.179) Quit (Quit: later, taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Friendly reminder that our DSpace DevMtg starts in a few minutes  <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-09-28">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-09-28</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2016-09-28 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-09-28">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-09-28</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome. It's time for our weekly DSpace DevMtg. Agenda at <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-09-28">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-09-28</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2016-09-28 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-09-28">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-09-28</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Of course, the primary topics for today will be getting 6.0 and 5.6 out the door.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Before we get into that though, I do want to mention that I have a conflict with our *early* meeting next week (supposed to be at 15UTC).  Therefore, I'd like to move the meeting back to 20UTC next week (i.e. the same time as this meeting)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This will mean we'll end up having several 20UTC meetings in a row, but I don't see any way around that (unless I miss the meeting altogether)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any objections or major conflicts with rescheduling next week to 20UTC?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; No objection from me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; no objections</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, consider it rescheduled then. I'll send out a reminder next week as I always do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Now, on to 6.0 and 5.6.  Our ticket list for 6.0 is getting quite small (which is great to see).  Might be worth quick updates on 6.0 tickets first..then we'll talk 5.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We have just 5 issues left on our "Must Have" list: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+status+in+%28Received%2C+%22More+Details+Needed%22%2C+%22Volunteer+Needed%22%2C+%22Code+Review+Needed%22%2C+Accepted%2C+%22Awaiting+Documentation%22%29+AND+priority+in+%28Blocker%2C+Critical%2C+Major%29+AND+fixVersion+%3D+6.0+&amp;src=confmacro">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+status+in+%28Received%2C+%22More+Details+Needed%22%2C+%22Volunteer+Needed%22%2C+%22Code+Review+Needed%22%2C+Accepted%2C+%22Awaiting+Documentation%22%29+AND+priority+in+%28Blocker%2C+Critical%2C+Major%29+AND+fixVersion+%3D+6.0+&amp;src=confmacro</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+status+in+%28Received%2C+%22More+Details+Needed%22%2C+%22Volunteer+Needed%22%2C+%22Code+Review+Needed%22%2C+Accepted%2C+%22Awaiting+Documentation%22%29+AND+priority+in+%28Blocker%2C+Critical%2C+Major%29+AND+fixVersion+%3D+6.0+&amp;src=confmacro">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+status+in+%28Received%2C+%22More+Details+Needed%22%2C+%22Volunteer+Needed%22%2C+%22Code+Review+Needed%22%2C+Accepted%2C+%22Awaiting+Documentation%22%29+AND+priority+in+%28Blocker%2C+Critical%2C+Major%29+AND+fixVersion+%3D+6.0+&amp;src=confmacro</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; starting at DS-3315</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3315">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3315</a> ] - [DS-3315] Update mirage 2&amp;#39;s building dependencies (nodejs/npm) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This one was just merged...just awaiting minor documentation tweaks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, nothing to discuss here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next is DS-3311 / DSPR#1513</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3311">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3311</a> ] - [DS-3311] New &amp;quot;healthcheck&amp;quot; feature not functioning - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1513">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1513</a> ] - [DS-3311] Fix healthcheck by isido</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I tested this and gave it a +1.  Needs another review.  pbecker had noted (earlier today in IRC) that we might want to have a tiny followup PR to simply disable pre-3.0 embargo checks in the defautl configs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker had implied he'd be willing to do this, but he's already left for the day (and I can followup with him tomorrow)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; nonetheless, I think this PR is still worth merging, as the feature is completely broken without it.  Changing the default configs to be "better" can come as a separate followup</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I agree. We should merge it now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I'll merge it and ping pbecker in a comment in the JIRA ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; done</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up.. DS-3310</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3310">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3310</a> ] - [DS-3310] HTTP 500 error in the SWORD v2 interface - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This one is unreproducible and the reporter has been unresponsive</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'd suggest de-scheduling it (removing fix for 6.0)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll leave the ticket open for now, but it either has been fixed, or we don't have enough info to reproduce</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That seems sensible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; descheduled</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DS-2623</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2623">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2623</a> ] - [DS-2623] Integrity error on file uploads  - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aha, this was the bug already fixed in 6.x.  lap82 however has backported it to 5.x, and pbecker reopened it to note that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lap82&gt; pbecker has reopened this issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker reviewed &amp; tested the PR...as did another user</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I suspect this PR is ready to merge for 5.6.  I haven't tested it myself, but the code looks reasonable, and I have no objections</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; the new 5.6 PR is DSPR#1531</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1531">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1531</a> ] - DS-2623 backport set description in the upload step files by lap82 Âˇ Pull Request #1531 Âˇ DSpace/DSpace Âˇ GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lap82&gt; great!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Looks like it is +2?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, I think it's ready to merge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Now +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Er, +3</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lap82&gt; I'm lose this review by pbecker... +4</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I have add also my +1 :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, lap82, you are welcome to merge it whenever you are ready</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and re-close the ticket 2623)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lap82&gt; immediately!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, last on our 6.0 "Must Have" list... DS-2604</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2604">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2604</a> ] - [DS-2604] Creative Commons license assignment silently fails in JSPUI - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#1526</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1526">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1526</a> ] - DS-2604 port - DSpace 6.x - from XMLUI to JSPUI the approach to queries Creative Commons service (via REST API) by lap82</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I admit, I haven't had a chance to look at this one yet (sorry).  But, I know the 5.x version was already approved/merged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; does this essentially just need testers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lap82&gt; yes...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; yes, better if from someone that use the XMLUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; anyone here willing/able to do some testing with XMLUI on this one?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The test would be to see that the three bitstreams are all created correctly?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And dc.rights, dc.rights.uri?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; I am happy to test... I may have questions once I dig into it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mhwood, we don't store anymore three bitstreams. just the rdf and the two metadata</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ah.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lap82&gt; no! the XMLUI approach create only bitstream for rdf</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b3: that'd be great if you can test it!  Sounds like lap82/bollini already detailed some of what to look for</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lap82&gt; and fill the additional information into dc.rights and dc.rights.uri</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can try it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Noted.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks also mhwood.  I think a few testers would be nice, if we can get it.  There's a lot of code changes here...so it'd be good to get a few opinions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lap82&gt; thanks mhwood!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; mhwood, I added both of us as asignees</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks terry-b3.  I didn't know there could be more than one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; That was a recent github development</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That's all that is left on our list of "Must Have" tickets for 6.0!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; However, I would also like to highlight DS-3345, as I think this is better to fix in a 6.0 than a 6.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3345">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3345</a> ] - [DS-3345] &amp;quot;Missing&amp;quot; migration when upgrading 5.6 -&amp;gt; 6.0 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; as mhwood noted in that ticket, our fix for DS-3097 (from bollini) added two migrations, when we might only need *one*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3097">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3097</a> ] - ('Unexpected error:', &lt;type 'exceptions.AttributeError'&gt;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Oh, yes, I thought that might deserve a higher priority but was unsure how high to go.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm going to bump it up to "major" priority, mhwood, as I think we minimally need to make a *decision* (if not a code change to migrations)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Does anyone have time to investigate 3345?  mhwood offers what sounds reasonable to me.  We may be able to simply delete the "V6.0" migration, and forward-port the "V5.6" one over to "master"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's not even a port; just copy it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; yes, it makes sense</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I think we just need a volunteer to create a PR that we can test/verify.  IIRC, this issue was encountered during a 5.x -&gt; 6.x test upgrade</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; pbecker noted it today on IRC.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I can do that tomorrow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks bollini!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  So, now I'd like to open the floor a bit.  Are there other high priority tickets (for 6.0 or 5.6) to discuss?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1537">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1537</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3321 Allow AIP Import of Item with Embargo Date in the Past by terrywbrady · Pull Request #1537 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1537">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1537</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1536">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1536</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3322] Prevent concurrent modification exception in Undo Bulk Ingest by terrywbrady · Pull Request #1536 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1536">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1536</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks terry-b3...looks like you've been busy today :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Just one more thing:  we all need to keep firmly in mind that migrations are ordered and cumulative.  If I'd been thinking straight, I should have spotted this earlier.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; And this one from last week <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1511">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1511</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3312] Prevent mvn error on xsl override by terrywbrady · Pull Request #1511 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1511">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1511</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b3: PR 1537 looks pretty small...just catches the error to ignore it.  Seems reasonable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes...it'd be good for each of us to do a quick review of these PRs and add notes to the PRs themselves. These mostly look pretty small</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; The only risk I see is if someone improperly formatted a lift date ... it could go through without the user noticing the error</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I gave a +1 to 1536</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So did I</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1511 also looks obvious to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; looks like 1536 and 1511 are already at +2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so it's really just 1537.  I agree, terry-b3, it would also ignore improperly formatted lift dates.  Not sure if there's any other way to achieve this bug fix though (off top of my head)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; The other approach would be to throw a different exception for the lift date in the past.  Or move that check.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; I am not sure how valuable the effort would be</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I was just thinking that EmbargoDatePassed could be a separate exception.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Or setEmbargo could take a boolean to say whether we care about passed dates.  This *is* restoring from backup, after all, and the rules are different.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; (Or just have a new method restoreEmbargo.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; I like the 3rd option best.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; (restoreEmbargo)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; if you all concur, I will make the change</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I notice that setEmbargo *does* have some comments about *restoring* items from Backup... I wonder if it's actually got a bug here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/embargo/EmbargoServiceImpl.java#L86">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/embargo/EmbargoServiceImpl.java#L86</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/EmbargoServiceImpl.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/embargo/EmbargoServiceImpl.java#L86">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/embargo/EmbargoServiceImpl.java#L86</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd lean towards looking closer at setEmbargo code (seems to imply it should support restoration).  But, if that's not possible, a restoreEmbargo() method seems fine to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I was just guessing that there are calls where we *do* care about passed dates.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; I will look at it more closely and revise the PR.  Thanks for the reviews on these</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, it seems like we have a good direction / next step for 1537 then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Do we want to talk schedule for a moment?  how is 5.6 looking, lap82? anything you need?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lap82&gt; no, I think that after <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3346">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3346</a> I can release the 5.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3346">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3346</a> ] - [DS-3346] Remove use of deprecated method setIgnoreAuthorization in favour of turnOff/restore - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3346] Remove use of deprecated method setIgnoreAuthorization in favour of turnOff/restore - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3346">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3346</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lap82&gt; And e</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I recall seeing a small bug posted by helix84 over in #dspace regarding 5.6... is that part of 3346?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lap82&gt; and helix84 reported into dspace channel a problem with a migration from 5.4 to 5.6 ... I investigate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; excellent. Sounds good then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lap82&gt; I hope that 3346 resolve the issue encoutered by helix84</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Please let us know if you end up needing other support/help in testing, etc.  I may be able to find a little time this week... next week might be tougher for me though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lap82&gt; ok thanks all... I try to close tomorrow the release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, on to the 6.0 schedule.  I feel like we are *very close* to being ready for 6.0.  Which means it might be time to set a target date and do some final testing (maybe even have a few people test the upgrade with a copy of some "production" data)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There are a handful of tickets that still need a little work...but as far as I see, they all look doable this week (i'd hope)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That means we may be able to aim for 6.0 final in one of the first few weeks of Oct (either next week, or week of Oct 10-14)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Should we rule no more 6.0 PRs unless they are Blocker?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The only "catch" here is that.. unfortunately, my own DSpace time may be a little less over the next week or so.  So, I'm going to need to find someone who can lead the release, and I can gladly consult along the way and/or help with the 6.0 announcement.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; yes, we need to give away the 6.0 to (re)start the work on the new UI!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: good point.  Perhaps we should aim for an RC4 either on Friday or early next week.  THEN we say "this is it, unless we see any blockers"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; RC4 also gives us one last "testable" version which we can put in peoples hands for ~one week...so they can help do final tests of the upgrade.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, quite a bit has gone in since RC3, we need another.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd like to see RC4 happen after we've *closed* all the remaining PRs related to "Must Haves".   Then, we do 6.0 Final about 1 week later (assuming no blockers appear)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I could possible do an RC4 on Friday (if everything is ready by then).  Otherwise, I'd need to hand RC4 over to someone else next week likely.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And, I'll likely need to find another volunteer to "cut" the 6.0 Final release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I will see if I can find some time to do one of those.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Unless someone else would be disappointed to miss the opportunity.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, that means I'd propose our schedule to be... RC4 this Fri, Sept 30 (assuming all PRs are merged by then).  Then, 6.0 Final sometime during the week of Oct 10-14 (needs a volunteer to cut it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: if you want to take RC4 it'd be an easy one to "give a try". I'll be around to help as needed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'll try to clear some time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Then I can find a volunteer for 6.0 Final during the week of Oct 10-14</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Does this schedule sound reasonable to everyone?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Assuming no big surprises, yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b3&gt; It sounds good to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Again.. RC4 : Fri, Sept 30 (hopefully).  6.0 Final: Week of Oct 10</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; excellent. I'll update our 6.0 Release Plan then with those details. We'll check in via IRC...and at our meeting next week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Noted.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, I must dash now.  'bye all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Again, a reminder, next week's meeting will ALSO be at 20:00UTC (same time as this week), as I have a scheduling conflict with the earlier time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks all!  We'll talk to you on IRC and/or next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lap82&gt; ok! thank you! bye bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lap82 (5feee2d6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.95.238.226.214) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (57145faf@gateway/web/freenode/ip.87.20.95.175) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has left #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>