<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2017-11-29
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[2:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* AlexS[zedat] (~Alexander@home.zedat.fu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: WeeChat 1.9.1)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* AlexS[zedat] (~Alexander@home.zedat.fu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* AlexS[zedat] (~Alexander@home.zedat.fu-berlin.de) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* AlexS[zedat] (~Alexander@home.zedat.fu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: Reminder that at the top of the hour (~30mins) is our weekly DSpace DevMtg here. Our agenda is light today, so please feel free to bring topics/tickets to discuss. <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-11-29">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-11-29</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2017-11-29 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-11-29">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-11-29</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: it's that time again. DSpace DevMtg starts now.  Our light agenda is above :point_up:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Let's do a quick roll call first, to see who is joining the discussion today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Present</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, a lot of lurkers here it seems :slightly_smiling_face:  Well, at least we have a small quorum of 3...and hopefully others will pop up in discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I am also a lurker :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, as noted our agenda is a tad light, but I just added a new topic on the end of it.  We'll start with some general updates though...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DSpace 7 WG next meets tomorrow (15UTC).  The DSpace Entities WG next meets next week (Tues, Dec 5 at 15UTC)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't have any major updates to pass along on the DSpace 7 side of things.  Cause of the holiday weekend in USA, I'm still catching up a bit.  Work is progressing on both Search &amp; Submission, primarily thanks to Atmire &amp; 4Science , respectively.  Hopefully more to report next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; On to DSpace 6.3 updates. <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 6.3 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Is there any updates anyone wants to share on the 6.3 efforts?  I'm glad this Status page is here for us to chip away at...but, I admit I've not had much time myself to do so</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; "</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (I'm assuming that's a "ditto", @mwood? and not a typo?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I like the format quite a bit.  It was very helpful in our 6.1 release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; just verifying...sometimes it's hard to tell in a text chat ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; agreed, @terrywbrady... the Status page is a good start &amp; has good organization here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-2670 I like quite a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2670">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2670</a> ] - [DS-2670] Restrospectively create DOI&amp;#39;s for alle items in archive - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; needs another +1 and we can merge it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger: I suspect it mostly needs some testing / verification.  A new curation task is quite standalone (not likely to harm anything else), but probably should get a sanity test, if possible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if someone can give it a sanity test, I'll gladly add in a second +1 (via code review)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; well... I trust @mwood, and the script is mostly just walking the tree and re-running existing code over it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; It works for me, but I haven't heard back from the people here who wanted it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I just really like to see us testing code, or writing unit tests.  I trust it likely works too, but sometimes a second set of eyes / test will bring out a flawed assumption, or similar.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; would also like to see another independent test.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; While this PR looks reasonable to me, I still would like us to have a precedence of testing things that are more than an "obvious, one-liner"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; this is 78 lines of re-wrapping our own code :slightly_smiling_face: but I understand the impulse... I'm not sure I'm up to the journey of discovery of setting up DOIs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; @mwood would you be able to write a quick "how to test" for the PR?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, let's not rush it.  Make sure it's on the 6.3 list, make sure it's clear it just needs a test. Let's see if we can find a tester who already has DOIs setup</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I will look into it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (And to be clear, the tester need not even be a Committer. It could be anyone)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; this script is kinda the first thing someone would need to "set up DOIs" on their existing repository</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Keep us honest here though, @hpottinger... and keep pinging us on this.  We need to find more testers anyhow, so let's use this as a way to try and do so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; if anything is broken in that script, though... we have bigger worries</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; "Set up DOI on an existing collection" is exactly our use case.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I think we are in general agreement here.  Let's get the use case documented clearly, and perhaps offer hints to testing it (even with a "fake/test" DOI, if that's possible).  Then let's look for a tester and try to get this in soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-2687 is also one I like</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2687">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2687</a> ] - [DS-2687] When deleting a collection role the group is also deleted, which is not appropriate for non-system-created groups - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Testing used to be easier -- EZID had a common test username/password.  Now you have to have credentials to use the test "shoulder".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; 2687 just needs a final +1, it's already tested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; 2687 looks to have requested changes. If those are deemed no longer necessary, it'd be good to have Tom revert his request and/or approve it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; duplicate change requests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I will review.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm simply noting that it shows up with a big red "x" from @tom_desair, which is not something I want to jump in and merge without verifying that Tom is OK with it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; tom's review was "in the future" remark, plus an un-needed import observation, the import has been removed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; but, I agree, @tom_desair should un-block it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Right, I agree it looks "ready".  But, merging is currently blocked by @tom_desair.  So, either he needs to approve it, or we should have a good reason to override his block and merge anyways</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; the code change he asked for has been made, the "in the future" code change is, presumably, "in the future" :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Again, this is more a "policy" comment.... our policy should *not* be to override the blocks of other trusted individuals or Committers.  I'm not objecting to this PR, persay, but objecting to the overriding a block on the PR ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; yup, blocks should be un-done by the blocker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We need to be clear that a "block" in this scenario is almost like a temporary "veto" of the code, and per our Voting policy, we are not allowed to override individual vetos</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I agree, we should clear up the block before merging.  It should be a simple matter.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; @tom_desair is one of our lurkers today, and we're talking in a time-block that's friendly to him, I assume he's busy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, any other tickets to quickly discuss regarding 6.3?  Otherwise, I have a last minute agenda item I'd like initial feedback on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I have no tickets in mind.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I'll take silence as consent...and move along to my topic ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; A discussion has begun between @tom_desair and I around the best usage of `@author` tags in our codebase.  See this PR comment thread: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1884#pullrequestreview-79593864">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1884#pullrequestreview-79593864</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3651: Range header support by tomdesair · Pull Request #1884 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1884#pullrequestreview-79593864">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1884#pullrequestreview-79593864</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd simply like feedback on it... I'm concerned about using `@author` tags to refer to corporations/organizations instead of individuals.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; After doing some digging around on what others do, I also found that Apache Foundation recently *banned* usage of `@author` tags in their own codebases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="http://www.theinquirer.net/inquirer/news/1037207/apache-enforces-the-removal-of-author-tags">http://www.theinquirer.net/inquirer/news/1037207/apache-enforces-the-removal-of-author-tags</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Apache enforces the removal of author tags | TheINQUIRER ] - <a href="http://www.theinquirer.net/inquirer/news/1037207/apache-enforces-the-removal-of-author-tags">http://www.theinquirer.net/inquirer/news/1037207/apache-enforces-the-removal-of-author-tags</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Would it be appropriate to have an author name + affiliation?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm really just wondering what others think here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; My opinion is in line with that, @terrywbrady.   I simply think that `@author` tags should reference an individual, or we should leave them out.  I don't mind an affiliation on that individual</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;sulfrian&gt; Shouldn't the git history contain all the author information?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I would say:  anyone who wrote code should be listed, if we use @author at all.  I'm not going to list people I talked to.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @sulfrian: yes.  My understanding is that is why Apache Foundation banned `@author` tags. Essentially because they are almost useless (often outdated, and take up space), and the real history is in Git/SVN/etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I think the @author tag would have much higher importance for projects/code that might be incorporated in *other* projects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I have found it interesting to see some references to past institutional contributors in the code base, but I see your point that it is basically useless info.  I have probably added code that contained a clone of old author fields.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; It requires some effort to provide changes with a clean commit history and this is an additional field that may not get populated consistently.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;sulfrian&gt; If we want to track the affiliation of the contributors we could add a single file containing all contributors with their email address and affiliation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; It does seem that when an entire plugin or module is contributed, it would be useful to have a place to share some of that background.  Perhaps in a README file.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @sulfrian: good point.  We do somewhat have that in this Wiki page: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpaceContributors">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpaceContributors</a> (See Contributors at the bottom), but it's not distributed with the code currently</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpaceContributors - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpaceContributors">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpaceContributors</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I'm somewhat inconsistent.  I usually don't *add* myself as author to an existing file, but do confess my authorship of a *new* file.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood: I do the same. And sometimes I frankly just forget to add an `@author` tag to things I do ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Well, we have two questions to answer:  (1) do we use @author or not?  (2) If yes, how do we use it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; IIRC my IDE adds them automagically. :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;bollini&gt; I'm in favor of the @author tag but it should refer to an individual. I don't think we can put additional limitation about the email address to use or inclusion of the affiliation information</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; for this project, `git blame` is the appropriate tool for determining authorship. If we were in the business of making libraries that other people use.... I'd feel a lot stronger about @author tags.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;bollini&gt; git blame don't give an accurate view on complex refactoring and the migration from one tool (svn to git, git to whats come next) can loose information</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Btw, I have appreciated the way the project recognizes contributors (and their institutions) for each release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; My initial question was simply "Do we care enough about `@author` tags to "police" them? Or is it "anything goes"?"   It sounds like we must care though, as this as generated a fair amount of discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; That's true:  git blame tells you who touched it.  @author tells you who designed it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I do feel that an @author without an actual author (a person) is not a good idea.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;sulfrian&gt; `git log &lt;file&gt;` will tell you the complete history.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I don't feel strongly about @author yes or no.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; me either :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I would look for @author if I want to ask "why is it made this way? what is this supposed to do?"  But, as has been said, I can go fishing in the log for the answer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, summarizing so far... I'm hearing two things that seem to have agreement (please correct me if I'm wrong): 1. `@author` tags should refer to individuals if they exist 2. We don't seem to have strong opinions about either requiring or banning usage of `@author` tags.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Agreed, on both statements.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Do others agree? Is there a third point I've missed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Perhaps a statement that the convention is to add them for new files.  Author tags are discouraged for small contributions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Sorry I’m a bit late. A third point might be: When do you add an `@author` to a file? Not? Or only after a major refactoring or improvement?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; Action: tdonohue seems to have stumbled on a topic of interest...lots of good discussion here!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; No strong opinions here since I have never intentionally created the tags, but I see the value in some consistent guidance.\</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @tom_desair: I'd generally say an `@author` reference is only relevant if you've done something *major* (i.e. major refactor, or new file creation).  And even then, you should never remove an existing `@author`</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I wouldn't be surprised to see a new @author appear with a major change in the design of a class.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Minor changes / bug fixes should just be tracked via git commits. Sorry, you aren't an `@author` if you fix a minor bug</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That's how I generally see the `@author` tag. It's more about a major contribution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And minor contributions should still be tracked...they should just show up in Git history, and they'll still end up in our Contributors listing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; This may be something we could update in our Code Contribution Guidelines (not seeing mention of `@author` there): <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Code+Contribution+Guidelines#CodeContributionGuidelines-CodeContributionStandards">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Code+Contribution+Guidelines#CodeContributionGuidelines-CodeContributionStandards</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; While my preference goes to the proposal of @sulfrian, I’m OK with consistent guidance on the `@author` tag.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Code Contribution Guidelines - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Code+Contribution+Guidelines#CodeContributionGuidelines-CodeContributionStandards">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Code+Contribution+Guidelines#CodeContributionGuidelines-CodeContributionStandards</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Which proposal was that?  Having a "Contributors" README file in the code?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Regarding a file of contacts:  that is difficult.  Addresses and affiliations change.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Using Git to check the history and contributors.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We use Git to check history &amp; contributors already. I use it to add to the Contributors list on the wiki, for example, and to list the contributors *per* release (in the Release Notes)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we wouldn't stop doing that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; As an example, we do have an "Acknowledgements" section *per* release: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC6x/Release+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC6x/Release+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Release Notes - DSpace 6.x Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC6x/Release+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC6x/Release+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Come to think of it, @author doesn't show up in apidocs/ by default, so you have to do a bit of work to get authorship out of either the source or git.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That list is generated by Git history</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; is a known documentation hawk.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I need to run to prepare for another meeting.  I would like to make another pitch for someone to test my 3 PR's.  The following video + tutorial should make it easy to test: <a href="https://github.com/terrywbrady/restReportTutorial/blob/master/README.md">https://github.com/terrywbrady/restReportTutorial/blob/master/README.md</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ restReportTutorial/README.md at master · terrywbrady/restReportTutorial · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/terrywbrady/restReportTutorial/blob/master/README.md">https://github.com/terrywbrady/restReportTutorial/blob/master/README.md</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; The reason why I added the general “Atmire” author is that some PRs are the result of team discussions and efforts. So it is hard to say “only these two people designed and build this”.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, the *real* contributors are Git commit history contributors.  The `@author` tag has really nothing to do with any of our Contributor lists...it's just there if you want to say "I did this, and feel free to contact me if you have questions"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; “So, the *real* contributors are Git commit history contributors.” -&gt; That are the people who wrote the code. Not necessarly the same people that conceived the idea or designed it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; So, if I call the Atmire general contact number and say "I want to talk to someone who worked on dspace-blah/foo/bar/bas.java" what would be the answer?  My guess is "what?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; You check Git</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; So why is the doc tag there, then?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; the @author tag is just a comment, and has exactly as much "authority" as any other comment, frankly if I needed help with any of our code, I'd ask here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Is the tag for giving credit, or giving information to someone trying to understand the code?  I'd always assumed the latter.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;bollini&gt; @mwood imho both</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I just doesn’t feel right to put the name of only one or two Atmire employees, and I doesn’t feel right to not add any extra `@author` given the effort we’re putting into this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The `@author` tag really is a confusing tag...it can mean any number of things.  But, I'd also assume either...you can give credit to a designer/idea-maker in the @author tag, or simply say "I wrote this code"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;bollini&gt; when you have wide discussion you can always include multiple author tag</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;bollini&gt; I understood that if a colleague take a customer task and free your time to work on the dspace community you want to reward your colleague but he is not an author</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; Action: tdonohue is starting to wonder if this is why Apache Foundation banned `@author` tags.  Too many ideas of how to use them, and too many disagreements ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm realizing we are over time here.  It doesn't sound like we have full agreement here.  So, my next step may be to bring this to Committers &amp; Developers via email (just to gather more ideas/info).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;bollini&gt; on the other hands, if you have had an useful discussion and sharing of idea you should recognize that in the author tag, this also apply for reviewer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; After that, we can look to make a decision on `@author` tag policies...that decision would be made by Committers and/or Steering (if Committers cannot come to an agreement)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll also ask around in DuraSpace to see if other projects have strict rules on `@author` tags (again, just as a data point)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; <a href="http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/documentation/index-137868.html#@author">http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/documentation/index-137868.html#@author</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ How to Write Doc Comments for the Javadoc Tool ] - <a href="http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/documentation/index-137868.html#@author">http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/documentation/index-137868.html#@author</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'll close up the meeting now (as we are 5 mins over).  Expect to see an email thread on dspace-devel later today.  All ideas/thoughts/data points are welcome.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; "The @author tag is not critical, because it is not included when generating the API specification, and so it is seen only by those viewing the source code. "</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; OK, thanks for organizing it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks for that data point, @mwood.  I'll include that reference in the email thread too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; A link to those docs should go into any advice we adopt</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks for the interesting discussion all!  If folks wish to continue the discussion, you are more than welcome to.  But, I'd recommend moving over to dev  (as that channel has a broader reach).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@dyelar.mrb.ku.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:42]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>