<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2017-11-22
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:26]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:26]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:26]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:26]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: Reminder that at the top of the hour (~10 mins), we'll have our weekly DSpace DevMtg. As I realize it's just before the USA Thanksgiving holiday, it may be an abbreviated meeting (based on others schedules). The rough agenda is at <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-11-22">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-11-22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2017-11-22 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-11-22">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-11-22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: welcome all, to our weekly DSpace DevMtg.  As noted above, I know today's meeting is just before Thanksgiving break for those in the USA (and Happy Thanksgiving all). So, we'll try to keep things brief in case folks wish to leave early</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Let's do a quick rollcall to get started. Who is joining us today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Meee!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I see a few others &lt;here&gt; ;)   Is everyone else otherwise occupied?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; At the very least...I wanted to give some general updates today...and thank those of you who've started looking towards a 6.3 bug fix release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; A few reminders on upcoming discussions.  DSpace 7 team will next meet on Thurs, Nov 30 at 15UTC (i.e. next week).  The DSpace Entities WG will next meet on Tues, Dec 5 at 15UTC (in a few weeks).  Both are on the public calendar, and in the agenda above</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't have an specific updates to bring today from the DSpace 7 team.  Just that work is progressing, but we are still resource strapped.  In the coming months however, I do plan to try and spend more time on DSpace 7 efforts (and likely therefore less on DSpace 6) to try to minimally help speed up our DSpace 7code reviews, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That does imply/mean that I'd appreciate others helping to move forward the DSpace 6.x maintenance efforts.  I'm glad to see @mwood, @tom_desair and @hpottinger (among others) already chipping in on planning around the an upcoming DSpace 6.3 release : <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 6.3 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, thanks to all of you!  Glad to see this effort progressing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Anyone who has some available cycles is invited to join in, on getting 6.3 assembled and released.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; :+1:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; There's plenty of opportunities to contribute these days...whether it be in 6.x maintenance / bug fix work , or new development in 7.x.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; (answer to your question from a while ago: otherwise occupied, but checking in here from time to time)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I was hoping to see others pipe in here / show up.  I'm guessing everyone is either busy or departing early for the holiday ;)  (Oh, and hi @hpottinger)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Since we are tiny today, I wonder if I could ask a very open ended question (not necessary to answer now).   I'm looking for ways to ensure these meetings are "worthwhile" to everyone.  If anyone has feedback (good or bad) on these weekly meetings (day/time/agenda/type of mtg, whatever), I'd appreciate thoughts on how to improve/streamline the structure of these DevMtgs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; It's something that need not be answered *today*. But, just something to think about in the coming days/weeks.  Feel free to send me an email and/or Slack chat msg if you have feedback to share.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I wonder if there is a perception that "7.0 is getting all the attention; if I'm not involved in 7 then there won't be anything for me to do."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I think they have value, but I also think we're all stretched pretty thinly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood: could be correct.  I've actually been wondering myself if we should establish a parallel "DSpace 6 Maintenance Team" (parallel to the DSpace 7 Team), and whether that'd garner any interest among folks possibly more interested in improving / bug fixing DSpace 6, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; Honestly, 6.x is going to be a very long-lived release, any work that goes into it will last a long time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, it's honestly a half-baked idea. I'm not sure that team would be of interest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; My first thought was:  would that tend to split the community in a bad way?  I.e. more permanently than we'd like?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; perhaps. It's definitely worth considering as a risk.  I was more thinking of it as a way to "promote" folks into a role that gives them recognition (not sure if that's the best way though, TBH)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I guess I'm just searching for a way to provide recognition to new contributors and/or "open up" opportunities for contributors (new or old) to take a larger role, if they are interested.   That said, maybe that half-baked idea isn't the best way to do it ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, I'm open to feedback / suggestions here.  Just searching for ways to engage more folks in parallel efforts of DSpace 6 and DSpace 7.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; can we maybe accept a committer or two?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; The best change that could happen to this meeting is more participation, but then how?  Any idea is better than none.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We always can accept a committer or two, @hpottinger.  Get your nominations in (I admit I've been lacking on nominating folks recently myself, but need to do so after the holiday)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I thought we had a "soft ban" on nominations?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; :+1: to more participation.  I have noticed this "late" meeting (20UTC) has had even less participation recently...with the 15UTC sometimes having a few more Europeans hanging around</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger: no, no "soft ban" exists</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Brainstorming:  maybe, in addition to the weekly "what's happening in DSpace 7" agenda item, a "what's happening in DSpace 5/6" item.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mhw</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; well then, I will certain nominate @tom_desair as he's been doing a *ton* of work for us</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Seconded.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; Action: hpottinger tries to remember *how* ro nominate someone....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Regarding agenda items to this meeting, yes, I think the agenda could use work (and frankly help from others).  Perhaps I should start doing a call for agenda items a few days beforehand...as I find the agenda mostly ends up being "what is Tim aware of right now?" (and that's sometimes not the most useful *thing* to talk about)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Committer+Nominations">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Committer+Nominations</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Committer Nominations - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Committer+Nominations">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Committer+Nominations</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/NewCommitter">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/NewCommitter</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ NewCommitter - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/NewCommitter">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/NewCommitter</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, ideas for tweaking the agenda are welcome. I suspect it could use more streamlining (and I'll have to look closer at my "template" to perhaps streamline it better)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; If I come up with anything, I won't hold back.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks. One thing I may do is try and push the Ticket queries (JIRA searches) to the bottom (i.e. take them off the official agenda)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And maybe make more room for "add your own topics"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I have a note here to mention 5_x.  I think there was a question last week:  how hard to press toward another 5_x release absent *urgent* fixes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; My personal feeling has been...if someone really wants another 5.x, I'm OK with it. But, I'm not gonna push hard (or really, at all) myself. My effort is entirely on 7 and 6.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I purposefully haven't mentioned 5.x of late...as I don't have a strong need to see another 5.x release myself.  I see it as "good enough" myself.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (But all that said, DSpace is a *community* product. It's not my product. If a subset of the community wants another 5.x, then by all means, let's do it. But, I'd need someone to step forward and lead it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I have another note to start a list of pending 5_x PRs on the wiki, but I think most folk see 5_x the way you do:  good enough unless we discover something badly broken.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I suppose "badly broken" needs defining :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Security bug or data corruption/loss, would be my definition.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; BTW, I've made the nomination for Tom, check your mail.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; As a reminder, we only promise bug fixes fixes in general for the latest release (6.x).  Bug backports to prior releases are only promised for security issues <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Software+Support+Policy">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Software+Support+Policy</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Software Support Policy - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Software+Support+Policy">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Software+Support+Policy</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Good enough.  Thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That "promise" has a lot of mention though of "case by case" basis determination though, so there's freedom to do *more* backports/releases if we want to.  But, we need someone who *wants* to ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; right, it's always a surprise when someone decides to backport a lot of fixes to an older release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I ought to confess:  we don't have any 6_x instances in production yet.  A 5.6 that would cost money to upgrade due to an add-on; a 5.2 that should be upgraded when we have time; a 1.8 and a (gulp!) 1.7 that I need to buckle down and do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; for the spectators: upgrades to 5 and 6 are easy, honest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I remember:  a lot of work went into smoother upgrades.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; It's the themes that are the mischief.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; upgrades to 6 are mostly easy...it forces you though to tweak your configs ;)  But, the new "local.cfg" makes it all worth it (as your configs are now all in one place)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; there is lots to like in 6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I'm not resisting, just swamped.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, any other topics/ideas/feedback anyone here would like to bring up?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Another weird feature proposal:  here our data repository wants to send Request Copy emails to multiple recipients.  Interesting?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; interesting developments on <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2537">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2537</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2537">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2537</a> ] - [DS-2537] ORCID display in XMLUI should not rely solely on the Authority confidence icon - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-2537] ORCID display in XMLUI should not rely solely on the Authority confidence icon - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2537">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2537</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; @mwood what do you mean by "multiple recipients?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; "Everyone in the collection administrators group, *plus* someone designated by item metadata."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think it's worth considering. Not sure I fully understand the use case, but others might like it too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I will create a ticket, then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That ORCID green thumb has always looked odd to me too, @hpottinger;)  So, glad to see efforts here. Any changes to UI could also be considered for 7 perhpas</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I'm not familiar with the authority/confidence stuff, but making the source of confidence clear sounds like the Right Thing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; :slightly_smiling_face: the green thumb isn't for ORCID, it's the DSpace authority system's way of indicating confidence in the value</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it looks like things are wrapping up here (and we are nearing the top of the hour).  Behind the scenes, I've just created next week's agenda (a bit streamlined / reorganized).  <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-11-29">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-11-29</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2017-11-29 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-11-29">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-11-29</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If there's more you'd like to discuss next week, please add it.  Also welcoming feedback on organizing the agenda in general</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; That looks well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; so... if a PR for DS-2537 lands soon-ish, I'm going to do what it takes to test it and hopefully sneak it into 6.3</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2537">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2537</a> ] - [DS-2537] ORCID display in XMLUI should not rely solely on the Authority confidence icon - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; :+1:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; to all future bug fixers, if you fix a bug I reported, ping me? I'll help get it through the system</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds like we should go ahead and wrap things up for today. As we are only USA-folks here, I'll say happy Thanksgiving to both of you!  Enjoy the time off!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; back at ya</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Same here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And, I definitely am serious about welcoming feedback (from anyone listening in, reading now or later).  If you have an idea that'd make these meetings "better", please do speak up. I'm interested.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks all!  Have a great holiday break, and talk to you all next week!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@dyelar.mrb.ku.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>