<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 268 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kompewter (~kompewter@50.17.201.82) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: Reminder that at the top of the hour (~10mins) is our weekly DSpace DevMtg. Agenda at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-12-06">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-12-06</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: it's DSpace DevMtg time!  Agenda is linked above</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Let's do a quick roll call of who is around today (hi @terrywbrady)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Looks like some of our usual suspects aren't around today (or are busy).  Hopefully they'll pop in shortly...otherwise this may be a brief meeting ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; :raised_hand:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll go ahead and give a few very brief updates to get things started...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; hi @tom_desair</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (hi @tom_desair, welcome)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Regarding DSpace 7 updates...not much to pass along. Work is progressing, but the team is small. We are still working primarily on Search &amp; Submission, hoping to see both start to get to a demo-able state by end of year (or early next year)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We also have folks doing early work on Authentication (thanks to @tom_desair!) and MyDSpace (workflow approvals, etc)...those are in progress as well and/or coming soon after</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; :wave:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; hi @hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll also note the DSpace 7 outreach team met briefly today. That group is going to begin compiling a list of DSpace *6* features (in either UI, etc), as a first step to listing the final feature-set of DSpace 7. This list will be used for advertising DSpace 7 features, and also useful in assuring feature-completeness</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That group is hoping to have a rough draft by early January</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Interesting.  It would be helpful to see any marked for deprecation and those that are on-target for enhancement in your roadmap</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And, The DSpace Entities Group met yesterday... the meeting was recorded (will be posted soon).  We dug into the DSpace-CRIS UI to learn more about how to use it from a user perspective. We plan to continue our analysis of which entities to consider adding to DSpace in early Jan</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think that's it for my summaries of meetings ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Was there some recent discussion of curation for DSpace 7?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; curation tasks? yes..there was some discussion in a ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (looking for it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, it was this REST Contract PR (from @tom_desair) which was discussing how to make curation tasks enabled in REST API (and also potentially other CLI tools, where plausible): <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/Rest7Contract/pull/17">https://github.com/DSpace/Rest7Contract/pull/17</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Thanks.  I have had a couple desires for the curation system for a while.  With some small extensions, I think it could become a great platform for folks to contribute plugins.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if you want to provide ideas/feedback to that REST Contract proposal, please do feel free.  We welcome anyone looking at these tickets/proposals and providing feedback</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Yes, curation tasks and (some) CLI commands are related. We might “unify” them in the REST endpoint. But they will stay separate in the backend for now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Here is a page where I compiled some thoughts.  I will see if it makes sense to link it into that PR: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~terrywbrady/Curation+System+Needs">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~terrywbrady/Curation+System+Needs</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Ok thanks for that link, I’ll take a look at it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In general, because we are a small team, our goals have been to enable future improvements via the new REST API, but not to necessarily refactor Java API code heavily.  We currently don't have time/resources for major refactors in DSpace 7, and are attempting to simply enable those in future releases.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That said, if new resources jump into the mix, we could consider other changes...but we just have to tighten our scope currently</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; My hope is to propose something that could make things simpler (invoke tasks from REST), but that could be idealistic.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, we will need to invoke tasks from REST.  As the UI includes a way to invoke tasks already, in order to achieve that in DSpace 7, curation tasks *must* be invoke-able via REST</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, that's very much in scope.  Our scope is just limited to "what is currently in a DSpace 6 UI"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Back to the agenda, I don't have anything else specific to pass along from the DSpace 7 team.  It sounds like there are no additional questions either... In general though, I welcome these questions/comments in these meetings, in Slack or via GitHub.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving on to DSpace 6.3 release planning: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll admit, I've had no time to devote to DSpace 6.x recently (and likely won't until next year at the earliest).  I support this 6.3 effort, but will likely have to do so mostly from the sidelines.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Since most of my DSpace 7 work is currently in a final state, I do plan to start testing and reviewing 6.3 tickets this week or next week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* AlexS[zedat] (~Alexander@home.zedat.fu-berlin.de) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jonathangee (~jonathang@li1037-16.members.linode.com) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ChanServ (ChanServ@services.) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mtj_ (~mtj@kohaaloha.com) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* helix84 (~ctenar@unaffiliated/helix84) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wilhelm.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wilhelm.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wilhelm.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wilhelm.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I imagine that a style guide will generate an engaged (vs controversial) discussion and folks will be happy for clarity.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, I'm trying to draft a style guide proposal, but turning that into a PR is a bit of a chicken &amp; egg thing (I don't want to turn the style guide into code/validation until we have an agreed on style guide)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The current (very recent) rough draft style guide is here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=90967266#CodeStyleGuide(WIP)-ProposedDSpaceJavaStyleGuide(work-in-progress-notyetapproved)">https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=90967266#CodeStyleGuide(WIP)-ProposedDSpaceJavaStyleGuide(work-in-progress-notyetapproved)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And I'm proposing several changes from our current guide (all the new changes are bolded, and the old style guide is above that new proposal)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; This looks very sensible to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; My suspicion is most of this will not be controversial, except for possibly the K&amp;R Style braces rule.  But, early feedback is welcome ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And, I do plan to also bring this to the dspace-devel list for feedback there.  My goal was to try and follow current Java best practices (and how IDEs tend to come pre-configured), and also borrowed basic rules from Google and/or Fedora repo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I see that it applies only to java classes.  Perhaps after this is approved, it might be useful to add a js style guide.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; hi @kshepherd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We already have some strict JS style guides applied to dspace-angular. They were part of the reason for pushign this on the Java side too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Good to hear</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Though we *do* need to better document the JS style guide...it's mostly in code checks to validate PRs right now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; It sounds like there are no comments/feedback on this right now....so, perhaps I'll simply bring this to dspace-devel, and we can revisit this next week (and/or after the holidays)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Speaking of the holidays, I'll note that we *will* have a meeting next week, Weds, Dec 13.  However, I'll be out of the office from Dec 18-Jan 2.  So, I'm anticipating next week being the last meeting of this year (unless others want to run an informal meeting on Dec 20)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That's all the topics I had for today. Are there any others that anyone here wishes to discuss?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; The old style guide refers to “Sun Java Code conventions”. Do we plan on keeping those?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; <a href="http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/documentation/codeconvtoc-136057.html">http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/documentation/codeconvtoc-136057.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; There are some good rules in their that I would like to have checked automatically, like * if statements always use braces, {} * Avoid using an object to access a class (static) variable or method. Use a class name instead.  * Avoid assigning several variables to the same value in a single statement.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; No, we'd be leaving those behind. We never really followed them anyhow, and obviously Sun no longer exists (and therefore those guides are no longer maintained)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; So any rules that I think we should keep, should be listed explicitly?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, exactly. I'd rather us do that, as it's clear which rules we explicitly check for.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (Plus it lets us know how to configure CheckStyle to validate all code is following those rules)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* AlexS[zedat] (~Alexander@home.zedat.fu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In that same wiki page, I linked off to the rules for Google &amp; Fedora Repo as well (both of which also use CheckStyle).  So, if there are other rules you'd like to see, please suggest them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If folks would rather this discussion take place in GitHub, I could create a basic CheckStyle configuration that obeys the rules I've laid out...and then we could comment on the rules as-is and/or suggest addition rules?  It's either that, or we do wiki comments</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I prefer the Github checkstyle approach. As it will allow you to test rules which will make them more clear</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; (When I suggested a PR, I was envisioning a simple markdown page)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We could do it as a simple markdown page (i.e. a README style file)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; and I think its easier to translate Checkstyle to English, than English to Checkstyle ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll just take a look at what I have time for this week, as I'd like to get this discussion started on dspace-devel this week.  I could even do a PR that has *both* a README (to document the rules) and a Checkstyle (to show how they'd be enforced).  Keep in mind the Checkstyle will fail any initial checks until we fix the code ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Sure, but most IDE’s offer on-the-fly style checking. So that would allow us to see the impact of rules.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I'll take this action on. I'll start this on a temporarily branch in DSpace/DSpace, so that others can even take part / help out.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I think Checkstyle rules are defined in an XML document, so we could even combine the README into the style definition file. We put the rationale of each rule as a comment above the rule definition in the XML document.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, it is an XML doc to configure Checkstyle.   Examples are at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=90967266#CodeStyleGuide(WIP)-Checkstyleverification">https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=90967266#CodeStyleGuide(WIP)-Checkstyleverification</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Just to prevent that the two files go out-of-sync</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'll take this on and get something posted / sent to dspace-devel before the end of the week. We can talk more next week as well, and go over feedback</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That's it for today. I didn't have anything else to discuss.  So, I guess we'll close up the meeting a few minutes early</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; As noted, we *will* meet next week (Dec 15 at 15UTC).  That is likely to be the last meeting of the year.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Talk to you next week! (Dec 13 that is)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; congrats and welcome @tom_desair :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Thx :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; On a side note, I shared our progress prototyping with IIIF and DSpace.  If you are interested, here is my presentation: <a href="https://gitpitch.com/Georgetown-University-Libraries/testManifests#/">https://gitpitch.com/Georgetown-University-Libraries/testManifests#/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i won't be seeing y'all at 4am NZT so i guess i'll see you in 2018, have a good ${holiday}, new year, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Enjoy the holidays @kshepherd!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
