<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2017-07-19
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[3:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-weber.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-weber.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-weber.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-weber.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@biolinux.mrb.ku.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@biolinux.mrb.ku.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;wild_oscar&gt; hey tdonohue! I was just reading a comment you added to <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/xoai/issues/62">https://github.com/DSpace/xoai/issues/62</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;wild_oscar&gt; I just wanted to let you know that my team and I are preparing the XOAI release this week. We're closing some existing tickets and adding additional fixes for other issues we've identified</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;wild_oscar&gt; as you mentioned on that ticket, I'll need your help to perform the release. can you put that on the item list for today's discussion?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;wild_oscar&gt; I'll try to attend the meeting (still need to get home), but nonetheless our goal is to close all tickets this week and perform the release early next week, if that's ok with you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* wild_oscar (~malmeida@webservices.itclinical.com) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I have a conflict for the first half of today's meeting.  I will join when I am able.  My first priority is to resolve the open issue with the following PR: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1782">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1782</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks for the note, @terrywbrady</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And wild_oscar, I added that to the agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-07-19">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-07-19</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @here: Reminder that our DSpace DevMtg starts at the top of the hour. Agenda for today is at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-07-19">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-07-19</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* wild_oscar (~miguel@a109-49-126-51.cpe.netcabo.pt) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome to our DSpace DevMtg. The agenda for today is listed above</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; First off, let's do a brief roll call to see who has joined us @here (either in Slack or IRC)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; present</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;wild_oscar&gt; howdi. I'm also present</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so we have a few folks here. Small group today, but that's Ok.  (wild_oscar, glad you could join us...I saw your note and added XOAI to the agenda)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; First up though, I just wanted to publicly thank everyone who helped on the DSpace 6.1 release!  It took a bit longer than expected, but glad to have that out the door ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If there are any final thoughts anyone would like to add, or comments on what went well / not so well on that 6.1 release process, I'd love to heard them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; *hear them, that is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I think we might have been a bit more severe about deferring noncritical fixes to 6.2, but I'm not really complaining.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; anyone with regrets that something didn't make it in, there's always 6.2 to aim for, get cracking</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Having a closed repository on Github for stuff not ready to be public was quite helpful.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Good feedback. Thanks @mwood.  Yes, that's likely true. It's always a balance between moving PRs along quickly, and simply deferring to finish up the release more quickly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; to be clear, I'm one such person: I have a bit of code I've promised to shepherd into 6x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, I fully support a 6.2, but I admit I'm not likely to be able to shepherd that one along much myself (as I'll have to jump to pushing harder on 7.0, likely)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we'll need other shepherds of 6.2 to step forward (I'll still chip in where I can, just likely not in a lead role)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; well, it's up to us, if we think we need it, we make it happen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; however, since 6.x is the last branch with JSPUI and XMLUI, I think the liklihood of a 6.2 is pretty high</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so that's good feedback in general. I'd like to move along to other topics now, as I know wild_oscar is waiting to talk about an XOAI release.  6.1 release process feedback is also welcome via email/Slack/IRC, or we can add more in if we have extra time at the end today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, next up, let's talk a new XOAI release which wild_oscar mentioned on IRC today and on this ticket: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/xoai/issues/62">https://github.com/DSpace/xoai/issues/62</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;wild_oscar&gt; yes. so my team and I are preparing for a minor (and long due) bug fix release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; It sounds like wild_oscar has the actual merging of bug fixes part under control.  But, he needs support in actually *cutting* the release (and sending off to Maven central)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Is there anyone @here who could volunteer to work with wild_oscar to simply cut the release?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I think I've cut an XOAI release at some point?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (I'm glad to be "on call" myself, assuming it's during my normal working hours...but, I'm not sure I'll have time to do the release myself)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I'll be around to add some confusion if asked.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;wild_oscar&gt; in terms of changes to the code, I would only suggest that someone takes a look at the pom file to ensure project and repository details are correct for this release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;wild_oscar&gt; since the previous release was still from the days when Joao managed the code (and it still has some lyncode references in the pom)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, I see: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/xoai/blob/master/pom.xml">https://github.com/DSpace/xoai/blob/master/pom.xml</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;wild_oscar&gt; I'm in London 9AM-6PM time and can gladly work with someone on that timezone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I admit, I'm not sure myself if we can easily "extract" those lyncode references (some see to be dependencies).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;wild_oscar&gt; the project seems to be linked to the sonatype repositort, so I guess it'd need to be updated as well (you mentioned maven central)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; oh, wait, I remember now, I remember wanting to be able to help, and then being perplexed until Lyncode saved the day</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; wild_oscar: no, we use Sonatype to push things to Maven Central</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The POM in general looks fine. The only oddities I see are the "com.lyncode" dependencies in the POM. But, I'm unsure if we can remove those without breaking the build/install process</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;wild_oscar&gt; for this release I'll keep all lyncode references (within the pom file all that could be changed is the &lt;developers&gt; section, but I'd suggest keeping it ther as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm fine with leaving the POM as-is for this release, to be honest.  It's a long overdue bug fix, and I see nothing obviously objectionable in the POM</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;wild_oscar&gt; I'd suggest changing that on a future release, as it'll surely become a major release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;wild_oscar&gt; so from my side all I'd need to know is who to reach early next week to give the OK for the release (and where)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I would assume that we can't remove those dependencies.  And I agree that we don't need to touch &lt;developers&gt; and should not mess with those.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; One tiny thing I would change is to remove the bit about Continuum, which hasn't been used by DSpace since I first looked at it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger or @mwood, are one of you willing to give this a try with wild_oscar next week?  My suspicion is this shouldn't see a complex release, but if it becomes problematic, I'm glad to be pinged for help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; shouldn't *be* a complex release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; is the release process documented?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; My calendar next week is no worse than usual.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;wild_oscar&gt; hpottinger - I haven't seen it documented in the code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; It's the same general release process as releasing DSpace.. or, at least it's the same general Maven Commands. <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;wild_oscar&gt; also, for future reference (and just to be sure) - where in the process is the CI system? I saw checks on pull requests stating everything is passing, but I couldn't figure out where the CI was running and what tests it was performing (hopefully mvn verify)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; wild_oscar: we use Travis CI: <a href="https://travis-ci.org/DSpace/xoai">https://travis-ci.org/DSpace/xoai</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; What is run is controlled by the .travis.yml file: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/xoai/blob/master/.travis.yml">https://github.com/DSpace/xoai/blob/master/.travis.yml</a>  IIRC Travis CI defaults to running `mvn test` for Maven projects, but you can change that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;wild_oscar&gt; excellent, thanks for the travis information :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;wild_oscar&gt; so hpottinger mwood, I'll ping you Monday/Tuesday for the release? if not on IRC, where can I find you?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; Slack works for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger back to your question...there is no formally documented procedure for releasing XOAI.  But, I would anticipate it being _very similar_ to DSpace's.  I'd recommend however documenting any differences discovered along the way.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; wild_oscar you could ping @hpottinger on this channel.  You are in IRC, but this channel is autosyncing with our Slack (where hpottinger is)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I almost always have IRC and Slack running.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Or, you are welcome to join Slack: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Slack">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Slack</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;wild_oscar&gt; perfect. so that works for me, and I have no further questions!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds great then. I'm hoping (fingers crossed) this goes smoothly. But, as this will be the first XOAI release under "org.dspace" (since Joao/Lyncode managed this), I'd recommend not promising a release by any particular date/time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And, as mentioned, I'm glad to be pulled in to help debug things (as needed). But, hopefully you won't need to do so ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And, thanks wild_oscar for you and your teams support/effort on XOAI!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;wild_oscar&gt; you're welcome! thank you all for the support as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; hash-dspace in IRC syncs to the dev channel in Slack, hash-duraspace syncs to the dev-mtg channel in Slack</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, since it sounds like we have everything planned out on this topic, we'll move along now to other DSpace topics.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; which means pinging me in hash-duraspace leaves a paper trail, thanks to good ol' Duralogbot</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We've had a few ongoing discussion tickets floating at the bottom of the agenda for some time. But, before we talk about those, I'd like to discuss what we'd like to see out of this meeting in coming weeks/months.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Namely, the DSpace 7 efforts have (appropriately) spun off into a separate meeting (as we're all aware)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And I'd like to see more and more folks get involved on the DSpace 7 side of things (as we could use the help, honestly) now that 6.1 is out the door</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Obviously though, there will continue to be a need for 6.x ticket reviews, discussions, and planning for a (likely) 6.2 (whenever that comes about)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I have no immediate suggestions here, other than to note that it's worth thinking about the goals of this meeting, and whether we'd like to keep it a bit more 6.x specific (at least for the time being), in light of the 7.0 efforts elsewhere</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; Oh, I have something to bring up timing-wise, for this meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; something that made a big impression on me at OR17 in Brisbane is the heartfelt thanks/appreciation from the community members in Australia and New Zealand for being in their own time zone, I wonder if there would be a way for us to include them in these weekly discussions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That was the initial point of alternating these meetings between 15 UTC (better for Eastern USA and Europe) and 20UTC (better for Western/Eastern USA and Australia/NZ)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That said, I realize it's still not great for Australia/NZ, as it's 6:40am there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, pushing the meeting back much further in the day essentially means I wouldn't be able to lead it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; It's very early tomorrow morning over there right now.  We in NA would need to stay late or get up very early to hit their normal daytime.  I'm not saying I wouldn't do that if asked.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, currently we are constrained partially by my work hours.  I'm glad to have someone else lead meetings at a later time (and I might be able to lurk in such meetings).  But, this is pretty much the latest I'm available for a full hour (since I have two small kids, age 2 and 5, to pick up after this mtg)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Understandable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Essentially, I think a meeting for Australia/NZ would be excellent. But, I cannot lead it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Though I may be able to attend/lurk occasionally</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; Maybe we make one of them lead it. :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; erm, I mean, ask nicely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Offer the opportunity.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd love to find a model where we could even rotate chairing meetings.  This is something that actually does occur in other OS communities (e.g. Hydra/Samvera Tech meetings have a volunteer chair each week)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And, if we rotate chairing meetings, that frees the schedule from a "when Tim is at work" schedule, to pretty much anytime ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; We might see folks from other countries in that slice of the world, too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I'll propose something on the mail list and see where that goes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger If you are in touch with individuals who'd specifically like to see this, please offer them the option to lead a mtg (and copy me in if you wish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; you already offered..cool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; to be clear, my impression was from the conference in general, and not from specific people, just many locals commented on it, and experiencing the lag in person for a week, I *get* it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, I agree with the point, and thanks for bringing it up. I suspect this is something we can easily do if someone is willing to chair the mtg at a later time.  So, asking if anyone is willing is a good first step</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And this is an important question also for the DSpace 7 meetings...as involvement around the world would also be welcome there. But, as of yet, those meetings are at 15UTC to accommodate USA / Europe (as that's where all our current participants are based)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Can I raise a new issue?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Go for it, @terrywbrady</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; 6.0 had some significant bugs that have prevented me from considering an upgrade.  I hope 6.1 is stable enough to consider upgrading to.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Does that match the understanding of other folks?  As we talk about a 6.2, it seems like we need to make sure we have a solid 6.x for folks to migrate to.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Agreed. My impression is 6.1 is much more stable. I haven't upgraded locally yet.  I'm certain a 6.2 will happen at some point (as bug fixes are always needed), but it would become higher priority if further stability issues are discovered</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; 6.0 has been very stable for us</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; 6.1 is running just as smoothly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I know the security issues made the release process slow.  Hopefully we move quickly if needed.  @hpottinger , that is good to hear.  Hopefully the statistics/solr stuff was the main point of instability.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; To clarify, I do think 6.0 is stable...I think it's just not as performant/scalable as 5.x.  So, larger sites were waiting on 6.1 to fix the performance/scalability issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; If you have a moment to gather a list of unaddressed bugs that prevent uptake of 6.x, that would help us get a more stable 6.2 out soonest.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I want to do a test upgrade in the next month.  The tricky part is testing performance and replicating my full instance.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we are nearly out of time here...We never really got back to my question about what this meeting "should be about".  But, it sounds like the discussion here revolves mostly around 6.x maintenance (appropriately).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, at least for the time being, I plan to likely keep this meeting more 6.x specific (other broad topics are welcome though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Does that sound reasonable?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; It sounds like we have a backlog of 6_x issues that we need to address.  As we get those fixed and out, 7_x should work its way in here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I think it makes sense to keep a focus on 6x until we have confirmation that things are good and stable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; @tdonohue++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I'm eager to get back to working on 7x myself!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; We don't have to fix every last thing in 6_x before talking 7_x here, but it sounds like we need to get some things fixed to finish stabilizing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. One final note. While I still have the JIRA Backlog hour blocked off on my calendar, you may have noticed we've been doing that a lot less.  That's cause of the 2 other DSpace DevMtgs (this one and the 7.0 Mtg).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; While I'm still available for pinging during "Backlog hour" (as it's blocked off), I plan to decrease the frequency of making that a weekly "meeting"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* wild_oscar (~miguel@a109-49-126-51.cpe.netcabo.pt) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Instead, I'd encourage folks bring 6.x tickets *here* and 7.x tickets to the 7.0 Mtg.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And if our Backlog starts to grow (although Bram &amp; I have been maintaining it ad hoc), we can throw in a Backlog mtg in the future again at some point.  But, hopefully it doesn't get to that ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That's it for today!  Thanks for the discussion. Please do feel free to update future agendas with topics or tickets for discussion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Jira/PR sessions are less formal anyway.  Anybody who shows up can help!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And as a reminder, the next DSpace 7 Mtg is tomorrow at 15UTC in Google Hangouts.  So, hope to see you then!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Bye all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; 'bye.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; bye everyone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; anyone reviewing the logs, and maybe wants to do some Jira maintenance, the backlog is empty at the moment, however this filter finds many interesting things: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-685?filter=13907">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-685?filter=13907</a> those are issues that are flagged as affecting versions of DSpace that are no longer supported. We should close them if they've been fixed in the intervening years, or if they are still indeed iss</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; version/s" field for each</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>