<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2017-06-21
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kompewter (~kompewter@50.17.201.82) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cherryh.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cherryh.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cherryh.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cherryh.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @here: Reminder, our weekly DSpace Developers Meeting starts at the top of the hour. Agenda at <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-06-21">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-06-21</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @here: Hi all, and welcome to our weekly DSpace DevMtg. The primary goal today is to finalize the schedule of the 6.1 release... and if we get that done early, we may close up a bit early as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If you haven't heard, there's kinda a big conference next week ;)  (hence, I don't want to steal too much of anyone's time today)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; hello!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; waves</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it help along the final planning/schedule for 6.1, this morning (with feedback from some other Committers who were online at the time), I drafted up a 6.1 "TODO" list at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.1+Status#DSpaceRelease6.1Status-6.1TODOList">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.1+Status#DSpaceRelease6.1Status-6.1TODOList</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i'm sorry i haven't done as much testing or merging or committing as i wanted over the last week, i've been a bit oversubscribed on various things</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I get the feeling @kshepherd. I'm oversubscribed until July basically ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @terrywbrady looks like we still need to test jspui and double check that the legacy ids are used in bitstream downloads?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I do not run JSPUI.  We should validate.  It should be easy to do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if you take a look a that TODO list, this morning a small group of us got together and talked through what is left to do, and what the 6.1 schedule looks like.  Because of OR2017 next week, we've decided to wait on the 6.1 release until *after* OR2017 (_July 5 is the scheduled 6.1 release date_)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; actually, hm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @tdonohue fair enough too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, assuming all goes, well, we'll "cut" the 6.1 release on July 5, and announcements will go out on July 6.  If things don't go as smoothly, I'd still hope we'd get 6.1 out the door that first week in July.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; that actually helps me because any live demos can be 6.1 contributions :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Fyi, I will be out the week of July 5, but I can help before the release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Regarding "helping" 6.1...I'm really relying on those *not attending OR2017* to ensure 6.1 TODO tasks get worked on in the next few weeks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I want to be sure we have folks who are willing to continue to contribute to 6.1 this week, and next week (and someone to organize a check-in meeting next week)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; waves again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone want to raise hands for this?  (@mwood , i'll consider that a hand raise)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I can help with TODO's.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I'll be out this Friday.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (And to be abundantly clear here, I'm essentially not going to be around the next few weeks. This week is final prep for OR2017, I leave on Friday. Then I get back in the office on July 5.  I'll be available on email, but I won't be actively checking in on 6.1 progress)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'll be dependent on you all to keep pushing this forward. ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I now have a note on my calendar for every day between now and 05-Jul:  "work on DSpace 6.1"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Could I get a volunteer to call a DevMtg next week and ensure a 6.1 check-in happens?  You can use the 15UTC timeslot (normal DevMtg time).  No need to even publicly announce the meeting, but it'd be good to ensure others show up to help you ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I can do that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks @mwood!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; One last thing on this topic... who *is* around to help these next few weeks on 6.1?  I know @mwood, @terrywbrady and @pbecker will be around. Anyone else available to chip in?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i will be at OR17, but i get quite dspacey at OR conferences ;) i think i'll should be at least testing and merging some quick wins / last minute bugfixes for 6.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds like it may just be the three of you... but hopefully you'll find a few others in dev (even non-Committers) who could help in final testing, etc.  Oh, and @kshepherd from OR2017, thanks! ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I’m also available a few hours a week to help testing and fixing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks as well, @tom_desair!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, the goal is that, hopefully by July 5 *most* (if not all) of the things on the TODO list are checked off: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.1+Status#DSpaceRelease6.1Status-6.1TODOList">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.1+Status#DSpaceRelease6.1Status-6.1TODOList</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (Keep in mind though, that doesn't mean all the PRs need to be _merged_.  They just need to be reviewed for inclusion. If they are determined "not ready", reschedule them and check them off)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; On irc today, there was report of an issue with Embargo in 6x Mirage2.  Does anyone have a sense of how repeatable that issue might be?  I do not yet see a ticket for it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @terrywbrady , i just commented on DS-3602 again -- just had a thought that perhaps that last assumption about legacy ids vs uuids wasn't quite related to the issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady : I'd recommend we concentrate on the issues we are fully aware of (at this time). I fully believe there will be a 6.2...so, further issues can always be slotted there (once verified)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Sounds good.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (That said, it is worth that person/reporter creating a ticket for future verification of the issue)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @kshepherd , thanks for the clarification on 3602.  I will dig into that next.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, any questions on the 6.1 release schedule, goals for the next few weeks, etc?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; um small thing, another thing i dropped the ball on and forgot for a while sorry</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I will also be checking email and maybe be on Slack on my phone sometimes (though on Australia time, obviously).  So, if you have something come up, you can ping me. I just may not be able to respond quickly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @tom_desair , @tdonohue  - i never did manage to cherry pick pull/1610 into master, just too many conflicts and i got really confused trying to trace them down. could we reopen pull/1598 (the old closed master PR) or make a new PR to get this into master?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; not exactly critical for 6.1 since the 6_x merge is already in, i just saw it looking sad on my Trello todo list :P</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; or if anyone wants to school me on cherrypicking sets of commits while manually resolving conflicts, and help me figure out how each conflict should be resolved, that'd be cool too. I think a seperate PR might be cleaner though, now, even though not ideal</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @kshepherd : I'd say create a new PR for master.  To be honest though, there's a separate REST API on "master", and this updates the old one...so, it's importance on master is very low: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1610">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1610</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; that's true..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I wouldn't worry about it too much right now. There's more important things to do.  It might be nice, if it's not too hard, to eventually sync this up into "master" (just to make it easier to later verify the *new* REST API can do the same things the *old* one can).  But, it's low priority right now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I’ll look at it after the 6.1 release ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; and thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Other questions/comments/updates to share here related to 6.1?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, I didn't want to forget to publicly *thank* @tom_desair for his work gathering "promising smaller PRs" (that 6.1 TODO list of PRs was borrowed from him)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i think i'll be putting through a very small improvement / fix for Discovery facet term lists/browses *during* the conference, during a presentation actually. don't be scared if you see that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah thanks @tom_desair  that really helps prioritise testing! i'm going to crank up my vagrant-dspace instance soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I also wanted to publicly *thank* @sulfrian for all the recent PR reviews/testing you've been doing (based on @tom_desair's list).  It's great to see you getting involved</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; yeh +1 thanks @sulfrian</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (And I fully admit I haven't been able to be as responsive myself in GitHub this week.. OR2017 is just so much work to prep for!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; no problem :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I think that's everything I really wanted to talk about today. It's a bit light on topics, I know.  But, it is good to see 6.1 right around the corner.  Thanks to all @here for all your hard work on this release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there any other topics folks want to bring up today? Or should we close early?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; kshepherd , you are correct about owningItem for 3602.  I will create a PR to perform an OR on the owningItem legacy id.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @terrywbrady ok cool, i'll still plan the jspui testing for you. should be easy. there might be some other references we need to check too, outside of bitstreams / owning items</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I'm not hearing other topics. So, I'm going to close out today's meeting.  Though you all are more than welcome to continue conversations here (or in dev)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; cheers all, back to upgrade planning (doing an upgrade the day before flying overseas is a good idea, right?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; It looks like the workflow queries perform a UUID search on owningComm.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; For those who will be at OR2017, I'll see you in Brisbane, Australia next week!  For everyone else, we'll talk again on July 5!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Have a great trip.  I am sorry that I will not be there with you all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; "</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Have fun!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll see you in August, @terrywbrady, at the Georgetown DSpace Mtg.  And yes, sorry that  @mwood, @pbecker and others also won't make it.  We'll have a pint for you all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; A good excuse for me to plug the following event: <a href="https://www.library.georgetown.edu/node/19724">https://www.library.georgetown.edu/node/19724</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; If you can make it to DC in Aug, please register and join us!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; If you have an interest in using IIIF with DSpace, there is a call scheduled for Friday: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=85525679">https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=85525679</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @terrywbrady will there be some notes etc shared in iiif for those of us with uncooperative timezones?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Good idea.  I will encourage folks to share their notes on the wiki page that I listed.  I have already added what I plan to share on the page.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ok, i shall now shuffle back over to dev and to my upgrade planning. cheers all :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has left #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>