<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2017-11-15
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:40]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:40]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:40]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:40]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 248 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; FYI I’m compiling a list of tickets we can consider for the DSpace 6.3 release on this page: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 6.3 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; &lt;here&gt;: Apologies for the late notice, but our DSpace DevMtg starts in about 3 minutes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Tim Donohue is out today.  I didn't get an agenda put together, but I expect that it would look quite like last week's.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; 1500 UTC.  Time for the DSpace DevMtg.  Who is here today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;sulfrian&gt; Hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I've been slack (no pun intended) and didn't do an agenda, but here is last week's which is rather close:  <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-11-08">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-11-08</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2017-11-08 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-11-08">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-11-08</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I thought we decided last week to discuss the DSpace 6.3 release scope. I’ve drafted an intial proposal here <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 6.3 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; It might be good if you can take a look and see if there are tickets missing, or if there are tickets which should not be on that list (e.g. scope is to big or not suited for DSpace 6)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Yes, let's discuss that.  But first, is there anything about DSpace 7 that the wider developer community should know this week?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; Action: tom_desair checks the notes of the last DSpace 7 meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; There is some initial documentation on the submission configuration changes: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Configuration+changes+in+the+submission+process">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Configuration+changes+in+the+submission+process</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Configuration changes in the submission process - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Configuration+changes+in+the+submission+process">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Configuration+changes+in+the+submission+process</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Documentation is good....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; We also started a discussion on the workspace item endpoint: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/Rest7Contract/pull/15">https://github.com/DSpace/Rest7Contract/pull/15</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3743 initial draft of the workspaceitems contract by abollini · Pull Request #15 · DSpace/Rest7Contract · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/Rest7Contract/pull/15">https://github.com/DSpace/Rest7Contract/pull/15</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; And there are two REST v7 PRs which should not be too hard to understand and review if you are new to the REST v7 API: * Range &amp; ETag header support for bitstream downloads: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1884">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1884</a> * Make list endpoints aware of resource policies: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1879">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1879</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3651: Range header support by tomdesair · Pull Request #1884 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1884">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1884</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [Ticket DS-3730] make item and bitstream endpoints resourcepolicy aware by Raf-atmire · Pull Request #1879 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1879">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1879</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; PR1879 is still under discussion, so it would be good to have some second opinions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Thank you.  Anyone interested in these issues should consider joining in on angular-ui or rest-api  and/or the DSpace 7 meetings.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Is there any other discussion of DSpace 7?  Or should we move on?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; DSpace 6.3?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Ok for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; One other thing that ought to be considered for 6.3 is the impending demise of ORCiD protocol v1.  We've been putting this off until "later".  I'd say that "later" has now arrived.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;sulfrian&gt; Was there already a concrete date for the shutdown of the old API announced?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Agreed. I know that there is also a discussion going on with the people of ORCiD. Because the new REST API doesn’t support all the operations we need in DSpace 6 (efficiently).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; According to this ticket: the end of this year: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447</a> ] - [DS-3447] Transition ORCID integration to ORCID API 2.0 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3447] Transition ORCID integration to ORCID API 2.0 - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; But since that ticket, DSpace-CRIS also implemented ORCiD v2 support, so another option is to port that implementation to DSpace 6.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Aha!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; We should jot down as much as we can find about that, in Ds-3447.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Arvo Consulting also made something for ORCiD v2, but not sure if it is open source: <a href="http://www.duraspace.org/articles/3168">http://www.duraspace.org/articles/3168</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DuraSpace | Open technologies for durable digital content ] - <a href="http://www.duraspace.org/articles/3168">http://www.duraspace.org/articles/3168</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Thank you.  I've added links for both to the ticket.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; We ought to have DS-3447 in the 6.3 release status.  It is scheduled for 6.3.  Is that realistic?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447</a> ] - [DS-3447] Transition ORCID integration to ORCID API 2.0 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I can check internally here at Atmire what the status of our development progress is on this and see if hitting 6.3 is realistic.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; OK, thank you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; So, if there is to be a 6.3 release, we need a release team to drive it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I can send out a call for volunteers on the -dev and -commit lists.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Getting more volunteers to help getting DSpace 6 out of the door is a good idea.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; By the way, thank you @tom_desair for assembling that checklist!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; OK, I will send out the call.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; You’re welcome. But I hope that everyone who has some time left, can review and test open PRs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Because currently we have a lot of open PRs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; What other aspects of 6.3 are there to discuss here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Yes, we need volunteers to examine and test code.  All are welcome!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I hope that people can take a look at that list and comment on it if issues are missing or should be removed. And then hopefully, we can commit on the DSpace 6.3 scope next week and start working on getting it out of the door as quick as possible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I see that I have a PR that I need to move out of work-in-progress. :flushed:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I will review the list.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Thx :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Have we more to say about 6.3?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Do we also want to go for a 5.9 release? Because there are still some open PRs for DSpace 5.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; If we don’t plan to merge them, we might better close them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; We probably need a separate effort for 5_x.  I will look over those PRs and try to get discussion started.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; yes I think we just need to decide if we still accept improvements for 5_x or not (other than security fixes).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Good point.  5_x is "supported" but what do we mean by "support" at this point, when there have already been 8 minor releases?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Perhaps we should look at how to lower barriers to upgrading to 6_x.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Maybe we should bring up DSpace 5 improvements again on the next meeting when more people are able to attend.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I think most users are still waiting to see if DSpace 6 is stable enough or not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I think you are right.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I've made a note to mention 5_x next week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; but the longer people wait, the longer it takes for all bugs to be uncovered ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Too true.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Still, I think that the code has settled down quite a bit, and that undiscovered show-stopper bugs are unlikely.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Indeed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Maybe we can emphasize that with 6.3 (assuming that we still agree it is so).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; That’s an option yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; OK, so I will call for 6.3 RT volunteers.  We'll all try to examine the 6.3 release status checklist and shake it down to something to which we can commit, hopefully next week.  I'll try to pull together some initial information for discussion of a 5.9 release, and mention that next week.  We should think about helping sites move to 6_x.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Anything else in the 6.3 area?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; No that’s it for me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Are there other topics we should address?  We have about 8 more minutes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; It's very quiet.  Should we wrap up this meeting early?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; OK</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; OK, meeting adjourned.  Thanks to all of you for being here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;sulfrian&gt; I have another "quick win" pull request, that could be integrated into 6.3: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1885">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1885</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3756: Fix "back" on last page of submission by AlexanderS · Pull Request #1885 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1885">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1885</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Please do schedule it for 6.3, then.  It is small and simple.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;sulfrian&gt; Done.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Thank you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>