<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2017-08-16
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-tolkien.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-tolkien.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-tolkien.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-tolkien.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@129.237.146.129) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@129.237.146.129) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@129.237.146.129) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@129.237.146.129) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@129.237.146.129) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@129.237.146.129) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@129.237.146.129) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @here: Reminder that our weekly DSpace DevMtg is starting at the top of the hour here. Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-08-16">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-08-16</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2017-08-16 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-08-16">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-08-16</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all @here.  Welcome to our weekly DSpace DevMtg.  Agenda is listed above.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd like to start off with a quick roll call to see who is paying attention/attending via either Slack or IRC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; :wave:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; While we are waiting for others to respond (assuming they are around), I'll cover the first agenda item quickly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;stonema&gt; :wave:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Next week is the DSpace User Group Meeting at Georgetown.  Because of that, at least a few of our regular attendees (myself, @mwood and @terrywbrady) will not be around for this weekly meeting (on Weds, Aug 23)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm leaning towards simply canceling next week's meeting, unless someone steps forward to offer to run the meeting (with the understanding that at least three of us won't be here)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Considering there are 4 of us here (so far), and 3 are attending the meeting next week, it sounds like we should just cancel for next week ;)  But, I'll ask around a bit more to see if anyone else is available to run it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving along for now...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; the big topic for today is an immediate DSpace 6.2, and getting some Hibernate fixes out for anyone running 6.x already</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; As you can see from the list of 4 tickets on that agenda, we just have two identified tickets remaining... and both are solved by a single PR:  DSPR#1824</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1824">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1824</a> ] - DS-3656 and DS-3648 : Fix several Hibernate caching / saving issues by tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I was asking around earlier today on the dev channel for some final testing/reviews, as this PR does make modifications to a few central/core classes/methods (`Context.commit()` and `HibernateDBConnection.uncacheEntity()`).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I've been hesitant to push this forward with some additional tests...but I've also been struggling a bit to find testers (that said, I know a lot of our volunteer devs have summer vacations, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm curious what others think here... it seems like we can either leave this PR sitting open for more testers OR we could merge &amp; see if someone can push it out to demo.dspace.org (to get more testing there in the next few days or so)?  Might be other options.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; My plate is full for the next 2 weeks.  What testing instructions are available for the PR?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-3648 and DS-3656 are the bugs it is supposed to fix. But, that said, these are *core* methods...so, it literally would be nice to verify that other basic activities haven't been affected  (Almost every area of our codebase uses `Context.commit()` and this PR refactors that method)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3648">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3648</a> ] - [DS-3648] XMLUI Batch Import Failure - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3656">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3656</a> ] - [DS-3656] DOIOrganiser CLI does not change the database anymore - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That's why I've been hesitant to merge after a few +1s here...this is hard to "fully" test without fully testing DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (That all said we've had one tester verify it fixes the two bugs it is linked to...and I've done some basic testing of DSpace with this PR applied...and both have resulted in successful tests.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Perhaps pushing it forward is the best approach to getting more tests run against it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; So, I've just tested DSPR#1824, it works for me in Vagrant-DSpace, I gave it a +1 and approved it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1824">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1824</a> ] - DS-3656 and DS-3648 : Fix several Hibernate caching / saving issues by tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @pbecker (who won't be able to join us today) said he'd also try and give this a test tomorrow (as he has a DOI setup he can test against to verify ticket 3656).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I have a 6_x-based repository where we need to do some batch loading, I'll cherry-pick that PR into our main branch and run with it, for whatever that's worth</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I will note that @pbecker did also add a comment about a possible small concern around not decaching Submitters here: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1824#discussion_r133498434">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1824#discussion_r133498434</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3656 and DS-3648 : Fix several Hibernate caching / saving issues by tdonohue · Pull Request #1824 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1824#discussion_r133498434">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1824#discussion_r133498434</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I think we're going to have to live with "good enough" in the short term.  If we miss some EPerson instances that aren't actually used, so be it.  The code needs radical reorganization to make its use of the persistence layer comprehensible and predictable, and that won't be quick.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; No, I don't have specific ideas yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I did a quick scan of the code.  I agree that it would be tricky to try to manage the epersons in the cache.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I was just typing something similar to @mwood.  I like @pbecker's thought on EPerson caching, but worried I won't have any more time for this (for at least a week), and I feel this PR (and others merged recently) make *significantly* improvements to caching in 6.1 (So they are likely "good enough")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I'd be happy, for now, with "doesn't break and reduces memory pressure".  Perfection will take longer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I guess we are at the question of how to proceed here. Should I merge this and push out to demo?  Maybe someone(s) can help me ping DCAT for testing help?  I really want to get 6.2 out the door (as I think some of these problems are significant), but also don't want to rush this without decent testing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; That sounds like a plan.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I will be glad to write to DCAT.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; As part of that plan is an "ask" ;)  I need help.  I'm swamped and also need to prep two talks for DSpace User Group Mtg next week.  If anyone can help ping DCAT and/or push this up to demo, it'd be a huge help to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks @terrywbrady!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I volunteered for the easy task...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I can put it on demo.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks @mwood.  I'm hoping that won't be all that hard...there's only ~4-5 new PRs between 6.1 and 6.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Do the cron jobs run daily on demo?  Are those where the errors would be most likely to be found?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, cron jobs run daily.  Hard to say where errors "would most likely be found", but it would be one place to watch.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The full demo setup is documented at <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/demo.dspace.org+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/demo.dspace.org+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ demo.dspace.org Notes - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/demo.dspace.org+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/demo.dspace.org+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And it uses puppet scripts available here: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace-Labs/puppet-dspace-demo">https://github.com/DSpace-Labs/puppet-dspace-demo</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ GitHub - DSpace-Labs/puppet-dspace-demo: Puppet / Cloud-Init scripts to auto-setup demo.dspace.org server ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace-Labs/puppet-dspace-demo">https://github.com/DSpace-Labs/puppet-dspace-demo</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; By crons, I meant filter-media, re-indexing, etc.  The crons on the link you sent appear to be demo management crons.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Once demo is updated, what command line tasks need to be run and verified?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, all those are enabled on demo.dspace.org.  If you login and run `crontab -l` you'll see it has all the default filter-media, indexing, etc cron jobs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, I agree it'd be good to watch the logs on demo over the period that folks are testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if it sounds good,  I'll go ahead and merge this PR then today. Any additional issues found we can treat separately.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; OK</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Then, @mwood if you can update demo tomorrow or Fri, that'd be great...and maybe we ask DCAT to test over the next week (until Fri, Aug 25?)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Does that sound reasonable, or do others have tweaks/suggestions to that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; It's on my calendar.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Sorry, was writing a comment on the PR ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so, IIRC, there was also discussion on possibly squeezing DSPR#1810 into 6.2 (suggested by @terrywbrady)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1810">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1810</a> ] - [DS-3602] Incremental Update of Legacy Id fields in Solr Statistics (w/ Solr Schema Change)  by terrywbrady</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm trying to recall where we left off with that.  I'm not against adding this in, and we could treat this similarly (merge it, get some extra testing via demo.dspace.org).  But, wanted to bring this up again for discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; The words that make me sit up and take notice are "Solr schema change".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh wait...wrong PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I was thinking DSPR#1766, which I see is already merged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1766">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1766</a> ] - [DS-3602] Incremental Update of Legacy Id fields in Solr Statistics by terrywbrady Âˇ Pull Request #1766 Âˇ DSpace/DSpace Âˇ GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1782">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1782</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Nevermind ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3602] Ensure Consistent Use of Legacy Id in Usage Queries by terrywbrady · Pull Request #1782 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1782">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1782</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I'm confused...there's a lot of these PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; 1782 is the correct one...and my thought was correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm getting a little dizzy, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; 1782 is the one considered possibly for 6.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; It is confusing.  I created a variety of options attempting to find the minimal functionality to include. This is the one without the schema change.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; well.... I suppose I can blast my Vagrant space and spark up a new one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; It had tests from Tom Desair and Kim Shepherd.  There is one more commit I made to address the fact that results display on separate lines.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; gosh, this looks pretty well tested already...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, this is why I wanted to be sure it got attention as something else to slip into 6.2 (alongside all these Hibernate fixes)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm ok with adding this myself, but wanted to see if we had next steps and/or wanted to quickly include this as part of the push out to demo.dspace.org for more testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; It could certainly go in.  If there are old 5x stats records on demo, then it would be testable there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; push the button, max!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Unfortunately demo resets itself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; so, it won't be so "testable" there I guess...but someone could load some 5.x stats in there to see them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Nonetheless, I'm OK with merging this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Do I merge my own or is it better for someone else to do it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm waiting for another +1 here... but, after that, it's fine to merge on your own. It'd need cherry-picking to master too (I believe)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; My confidence in my ability to judge changes to the Solr stuff is low.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger care to give this a quick spin so we can merge?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; hmm... does it need a spin?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; it needs another +1 at least...I only see one on that PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, well, we are running short on time here.  I'd simply like to see another review/test on this...and then I think it's fine to go in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll leave it at that though, and hopefully we can get this moved forward later today/tomorrow (before update on demo)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; It is discouraging to make contributions and provide documentation and not get attention.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; It is.  I need to learn more about Solr and how we use it, so I might have something useful to say when it comes up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so, I'll make an executive decision here and give it another review &amp; merge (post-mtg).  I'd really like to see this resolved too, and it has just been sitting (even from before 6.1)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we are at the top of the hour here.  As noted, next week is a DSpace User Group Meeting (Tues-Weds). I know I'll get to see @terrywbrady and @mwood there, which is nice. We can report back</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd say this meeting will likely be canceled on Aug 23 at 15UTC, unless I hear from others (primarily our European devs, who usually are in the "early" meeting) that they want to hold it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'll next talk to most of you in two weeks (unless you will be at Georgetown, in which case, see you there!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks all, and let's keep pushing this 6.2 release along as an ASAP release (once we get some extra testing off of demo.dspace.org).  My hope is to release around last few days of Aug</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Got to go.  Thanks, all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; spinning up a 5_x version of DSpace on Vagrant-DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; (Lugging my Lucene book home to see if I can think of a use for Solr in catching "duplicate" submissions....)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; DCAT Members,  The DSpace development team has addressed a handful of tickets in the DSpace core code related to database connections.  This code affects nearly every interaction with DSpace, so there is a need to test and verify many components of DSpace.  These changes will be included in a DSpace 6.2 release.  The development team will deploy a preview of these changes to demo.dspace.org for system tes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; participation in this test if you can provide a couple hours of system testing during the week of Aug 21.  If you need ideas on how to test the system, see the notes from the DSpace 6.0 testathon: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.0+Testathon+Page">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.0+Testathon+Page</a>  If you encounter any issues, you can report them to dev in Slack or to dspace-tech@googlegroups.com.  Thanks, terrywbrady</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 6.0 Testathon Page - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.0+Testathon+Page">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.0+Testathon+Page</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; My prior message contains the text that I propose sending to DCAT.  Let me know if you have suggestions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady : Looks good! Thanks! One minor tweak...they could use tech-support on Slack (as that's more equivalent to 'dspace-tech', and a channel they may more likely already be on, or should know about)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, and might want to link to where to join Slack again: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Slack">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Slack</a>  (Been trying to get the word out, but I'm pretty sure a lot of folks aren't in here yet)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Slack - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Slack">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Slack</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; beyond that, looks great to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Message posted in dcat  and sent by e-mail.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger : just to clarify your note above about vagrant-dspace, are you in the process of testing DSPR#1782?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1782">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1782</a> ] - [DS-3602] Ensure Consistent Use of Legacy Id in Usage Queries by terrywbrady Âˇ Pull Request #1782 Âˇ DSpace/DSpace Âˇ GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; well... heh, looks like I can stop</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks! If you find it ready, please go ahead and merge (and cherry-pick to master)... or ping me, and I'll do it first think tomorrow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; No, if you have time to do a quick test today, please continue...I don't want to stop you. Just wanted to clarify</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; ok, yeah, I'll proceed, the damage is already done to my Vagrant-DSpace (i.e. already destroyed and rebuilt with 5x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks! much appreciated. As mentioned, please merge at will (if it looks good)...or ping me and I'll do it ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I always forget about ENV properties files</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>