<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2017-05-03
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-adams.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-adams.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-adams.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-adams.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* AlexS[zedat] (~Alexander@home.zedat.fu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @here : Reminder that our DSpace Dev Mtg starts here shortly (~5mins) <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-05-03">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-05-03</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2017-05-03 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-05-03">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-05-03</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @here: It's that time again. Our weekly DevMtg starts now. Agenda is linked above</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @tdonohue , I wll be on another call.  I will join in when I can.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks for letting us know, @terrywbrady</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, as usual, a friendly reminder we have our DSpace 7 UI Working Group meeting tomorrow @ 15UTC. It's in Google Hangouts this week. But, we'd encourage folks to attend to watch for the meeting notes post-mtg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I’ll maybe here, but just now a lot of things are going on parallel.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Another quick note... I'm out of the office next week (at a DuraSpace staff meeting). So, I'll be on email, but will not be on Slack/IRC much from May 8-12.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Is there anyone here who'd be willing to organize/lead this DevMtg next week (May 10 @ 20UTC)?  I'm looking for a volunteer, and you likely can steal today's agenda for next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll keep moving along with our agenda for now...but we'll loop back to this at the end. Hopefully we'll have a volunteer by then ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, per our agenda, the concentration here is still on getting DSpace 6.1 out the door as soon as we can.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's what's left in our High Priority tickets: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20AND%20fixVersion%20%3D%206.1%20ORDER%20BY%20%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%20%20%20">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20AND%20fixVersion%20%3D%206.1%20ORDER%20BY%20%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%20%20%20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20AND%20fixVersion%20%3D%206.1%20ORDER%20BY%20%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%20%20%20">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20AND%20fixVersion%20%3D%206.1%20ORDER%20BY%20%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%20%20%20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We are making some progress, which is good (at least one ticket closed in the last week), but there's still quite a few here to move forward rapidly (and at least a few seem "close" to ready)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd like to concentrate the time today on the few here that seem rather close...the quicker we can narrow this list, the quicker we (hopefully) can finalize/finish up this release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, let's start by looking at DS-3572 / DSPR#1715</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3572">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3572</a> ] - [DS-3572] AuthorizeService.authorize(..., EPerson, ...) checks context.currentEPerson instead of specified one - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1715">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1715</a> ] - DS-3572: Check authorization for a specified user instead of currentUser by pnbecker Âˇ Pull Request #1715 Âˇ DSpace/DSpace Âˇ GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I’m having issues with this PR.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Looks like this PR got flagged as a Work in Progress by @pbecker , and has code review comments by @tom_desair</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Not enough time, to much to do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I hope I get this moved forward until our next Dev meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Is this something we could logically hand off to someone else (assuming we can find a volunteer here)? Or will you have time in the foreseeable future?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; it's a dependency for another ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I would be glad if someone chips in. If not, I’m trying my best.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; it's on my list (as part of the other ticket)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; great, thanks @hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I know, @pbecker , you are working very hard helping us with 6.1...and thanks for that!  Definitely not trying to put more pressure on you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger : Just to clarify, do you have time to help code/improve the PR?  Or just to test it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; Action: pbecker did not feel any pressure. :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; Time, no. Desire, yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; If I find time this week, I’ll connect with @pbecker on how I can contribute to his PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger : Ok.  So, that's a 1/2 of a volunteer ;)  But, if you can get to it, great</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I *did* write up a summary on the other ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @tom_desair : if you can help chip in, that'd be wonderful! Thanks as well for all the great PR work you've been doing for 6.1 in general</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I’ll follow slack closely, just ping me, if you have time, or want to sync plans.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; will do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds like a plan. Thanks again to both of you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, moving along... let's look at DS-3552 /  DSPR#1694</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1694">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1694</a> ] - Ds 3552 read only context and hibernate improvements by tomdesair Âˇ Pull Request #1694 Âˇ DSpace/DSpace Âˇ GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3552">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3552</a> ] - [DS-3552] Select Collection step and submissions page load very slow on large repositories due to Hibernate - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I tested &amp; reviewed it last week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I saw the PR had lots of great input this week. Thanks for the thorough code review here, @pbecker .  I also saw @tom_desair already did some code changes to address it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; great, will take a look after the meeting. Am I free to merge then?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @pbecker: Yes, I'd say if you are satisfied, please merge it.  @hpottinger also reviewed/approved already</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; Moar fixes for 6.1! :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @pbecker: If there's any concerns you still have, let me know &amp; I can also find time tomorrow or Fri to review as needed. But, honestly, I've been watching this, and it seems like there's been a thorough code review already and a good number of testers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And thanks to @tom_desair for this hard work. It seems like a significant improvement to performance for 6.1!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Just one thing: @tom_desair do you thik it might be helpful to clear zthe cache only if coming from writeable to read-only mode, so that changes from readonly to readonly doesnt harm performance?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; without looking, I expect the auth system to change from readonly to readonly mode.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I’ll look into that tomorrow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; thank you. let me know and I merge afterwards-</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, sounds good. I'll leave this to you two, @tom_desair and @pbecker.  Please do let me know if you need my input (ping me via Slack). But, hopefully we can get this merged this week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving along here... next is DS-3558 / DSPR#1707</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1707">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1707</a> ] - DS 3558 Case-insensitive bot matching option by Frederic-Atmire Âˇ Pull Request #1707 Âˇ DSpace/DSpace Âˇ GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3558">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3558</a> ] - [DS-3558] Case-insensitive bot user agent matching can have performance impact - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; There's been some back and forth on this PR about the removal of the `static` variables.  Are we now satisfied with this PR?  Are there more outstanding questions/issues?  (Looking towards @mwood / mhwood and/or @hpottinger)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; You can test this PR with launching DSpace and using a browser extension like <a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/user-agent-switcher-for-c/djflhoibgkdhkhhcedjiklpkjnoahfmg">https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/user-agent-switcher-for-c/djflhoibgkdhkhhcedjiklpkjnoahfmg</a> to mimic a bot user agent.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ User-Agent Switcher for Chrome - Chrome Web Store ] - <a href="https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/user-agent-switcher-for-c/djflhoibgkdhkhhcedjiklpkjnoahfmg">https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/user-agent-switcher-for-c/djflhoibgkdhkhhcedjiklpkjnoahfmg</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Then you need to check the SOLR stats core if the record was correctly marked as isBot.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, wow, just realized there was a rather massive code refactor in this PR this morning (turning SpiderDetector into a Service/bean).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Would someone here volunteer to give this a quick test again? @tom_desair, I realize this came from another Atmire employee, but have you tested it with the latest changes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; `:crickets:`  Anyone here? ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I’ll do a retest tomorrow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; This seems important to get into 6.1.  I do worry that it's expanded a bit more into a larger code refactor/improvement.  However, the way the code is refactored seems reasonable to me, and like something we'd want eventually anyhow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks @tom_desair. Please add your findings to the PR itself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And, if anyone else is able to find time to test it, that'd be great. See @tom_desair's notes on doing so above :point_up:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; On our list of other important tickets, DS-3287 still has not volunteer (so, it's highly likely to miss 6.1)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3287">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3287</a> ] - [DS-3287] ElasticSearch Statistics fails in 6.0 (does not work at all) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And, it's good to see DS-3447 is now assigned to KevinVdV.  It still seems unlikely (to me) to get into 6.1 (as I feel we need to close those doors soonish), but hopefully will be a prime candidate for a 6.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447</a> ] - [DS-3447] Transition ORCID integration to ORCID API 2.0 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, we'll see how that progresses, as well as how everything else going into 6.1 moves forward.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Just to state it publicly, my goal is to get 6.1 out *before* OR2017 (end of June).  Ideally, we even get it released sometime in May. But, that's dependent on getting the last work tested &amp; merged.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I think DS-3579 is also important but still needs a lot of testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3579">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3579</a> ] - [DS-3579] Assess Context connection mode and cache management for DSpace CLI jobs - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; +1 for May!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; @tom_desair any tips on how to test, what to look for, …?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#1727 goes with that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1727">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1727</a> ] - DS-3579 Context mode and cache management for CLI commands by tomdesair</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Are you afraid of memory leaks or something?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Looks like @mwood gave that PR a review, and had one question on a comment. But gave it a +1 overall</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Yes mostly memory issues, and making sure that I didn’t break things with opening the Context in READ_ONLY mode.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, he also had questions on testing it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; @mwood also added a note regarding java.io.tmpdir.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; But I’ll let you know when I feel confident about it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; @tom_desair shall I mark this work in progress and you notice me when you’re fine with it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Yes please ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; @tdonohue was faster.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Is there any timeline for 5.7? Or is that the same as 6.1?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Just so we don't forget about this. I'm going to flag it for 6.1 (both in the ticket &amp; PR).  If we decide to reschedule, we can do so. But, it seems like we'd like to see this in 6.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; 5.7 would be on the same timeline as 6.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; ok thx</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; and 4.x as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; .oO(and still things to backport for those)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes...so, it's important to keep reviewing/testing PRs for 5.7 milestone &amp; 4.8 milestone (especially any "quick fixes"). As any that *miss* those releases may never make it into those older codebases.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We don't often backport a lot of bug changes/fixes (as we don't promise it, and it's hard to do so many backports). But, this time around, we've done quite a bit of that to help put a final "polish" on those older platforms.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; do we have a list of things we'd like to backport? Backporting is generally easy work, until git explodes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We have a list of things *already* backported to these old platforms</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; 5.7 open PRs: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.7">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.7</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.7">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A5.7</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; Oh, PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; 4.8 has no open PRs though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; @tom_desair I just see that @mwood request some documentation for developers on how to work with the context, cache and so on. could you please add something like that to the dspace manuale?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; will do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; Action: tom_desair needs to leave now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; thanks a lot! that’s great.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks for joining us, @tom_desair...and have a good evening</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Timecheck: we have about 15 mins left here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; so, those PRs are just waiting for someone to mash the green button?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger : some may still require a review or test.  Check the comments. If you'd like to help  take a lead on merging small things into 5.7 / 6.1 (i.e. "quick fixes") it'd be appreciated. I'm available to do quick code reviews (extra set of eyes if you need them)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; My *suspicion* here is that many of the "quick fixes" really are nearly ready for review...but I haven't gone through that full list myself in over a week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, I'll do that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks @hpottinger!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; we're calling these "backports" which implies they've been merged upstream, yes? We typically don't even test backports, right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger : They are backports, but I cannot guarrantee they have also been merged upstream. We still have a fair number of "quick wins" flagged for 6.1 too. <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.1+is%3Aopen">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.1+is%3Aopen</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.1+is%3Aopen">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.1+is%3Aopen</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, I'll untangle and merge what has already been merged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it's likely more a task of (1) Going through *all* the "quick win" PRs...(2) seeing which can be merged (to whatever branch), (3) Merging those that are ready (into 6.x, 5.x and/or master)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks @hpottinger!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Feel free to ping me if you hit questions...or ask on dev as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; will do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we are nearing the end of the meeting here ( &lt; 10 mins left).  I wanted to loop back to next week's agenda/meeting.  I'll be out next week. Is there someone @here willing to lead next week's meeting?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; It'll be on next Weds, May 10 @ 20UTC.  The agenda is roughly the same as today...concentration on getting 6.1 tickets closed out and/or reviewing "quick win" PRs for last minute inclusion in 6.1, 5.7 and/or 4.8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; Either I'll do it, or I'll trick mhwood into volunteering. :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, thanks @hpottinger.  I think it should hopefully be pretty straightforward. If you run out of things to talk about, just do a "quick win" PR review and see if you can push more green buttons ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; buttons++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Just a note here, I'm going to miss the post-meeting Backlog Hour today.  I've got a DSpace Steering Meeting starting in &lt;5mins to attend.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I can hang out for about 30 minutes, then I have a standup</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll also note that we didn't get to the topic brought up recently in dev (by @mwood) about whether DSpace should move towards more Dependency Injection (i.e. Spring way of doing things)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I’ll have to run, sorry.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; we need more than 3 minutes for that one, and probably need @mwood in the room, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; My gut here is that we are already moving in that direction (especially with 6.0 API refactor), and I see no reason to discourage a full movement towards the "Spring way".  But, I would encourage others to discuss this topic next week or in dev .. and we can get back to it when I return in a few weeks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; With that, we'll close up today's meeting. Thanks again all for the hard work on 6.1!  I'm really hoping we can do a final push quickly and get a release in May.  Let me know if anyone needs help in speeding things along...ping me on Slack or via email</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; "in May" = middle of May?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; “in May” = within the next 28 days.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; asap.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>