<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2017-02-01
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[3:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (~kim@103.6.212.135) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* helix84 (~ctenar@unaffiliated/helix84) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~ctenar@unaffiliated/helix84) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@biolinux.mrb.ku.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@162.104.218.179) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* terry-b (~chrome@97-113-118-39.tukw.qwest.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue reminds everyone we have DevMtg in ~5mins. Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-02-01">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-02-01</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome to our weekly DSpace DevMtg. Agenda is at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-02-01">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-02-01</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2017-02-01 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-02-01">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-02-01</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As usual, pinging Committers awake (helix84, hpottinger, mhwood, terry-b)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; here!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; PONG</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (~kim@180.222.64.97) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hey look, kshepherd sighting ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so a few reminders... next DSpace 7 UI Meetings are a week from tomorrow (Feb 9).  Meeting notes from the last meeting (and all previous ones) are linked off <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 UI Working Group - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think everyone here already has done so, but join us on Slack too : <a href="https://goo.gl/forms/s70dh26zY2cSqn2K3">https://goo.gl/forms/s70dh26zY2cSqn2K3</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Request invite to DSpace.org Slack ] - <a href="https://goo.gl/forms/s70dh26zY2cSqn2K3">https://goo.gl/forms/s70dh26zY2cSqn2K3</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; are the dspace 7 meetings ever going to be in this 20:00 UTC time slot?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'm keen to participate somehow but it's really hard for me to make that 1500 / 1600 UTC time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (there are probably ways i can still do things without attending meetings of course)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd: I think the difficulty there is our two subteam leads are both based in Europe (and it's a video call)... Andrea B &amp; Art Lowell</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We *are* wanting to find ways for people to contribute outside of mtgs...and we need to do more of that anyhow...been trying to get folks working more collaboratively via Slack</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm really hoping the meetings are less "necessary", and we get more day-by-day updates/activities in Slack. But, it's not quite there yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There are ways to contribute outside of meetings though...there's the ongoing REST API call for feedback, and a set of "ready" tickets for Angular UI work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Angular UI tickets are at: <a href="https://waffle.io/DSpace/dspace-angular">https://waffle.io/DSpace/dspace-angular</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Waffle.io · Work Better on GitHub Issues ] - <a href="https://waffle.io/DSpace/dspace-angular">https://waffle.io/DSpace/dspace-angular</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The REST API discussions are in Slack (#rest-api) and at <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dAPjq6xSy7A5Q_xXIxLXgJ2VqugFpxeSmMmvbr2mM5M/edit?usp=sharing">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dAPjq6xSy7A5Q_xXIxLXgJ2VqugFpxeSmMmvbr2mM5M/edit?usp=sharing</a> (it's a bit doc though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ REST Brainstorming - Google Docs ] - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dAPjq6xSy7A5Q_xXIxLXgJ2VqugFpxeSmMmvbr2mM5M/edit?usp=sharing">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1dAPjq6xSy7A5Q_xXIxLXgJ2VqugFpxeSmMmvbr2mM5M/edit?usp=sharing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I know that doesn't solve the mtg timing issue, but I would encourage folks to consider contributing between meetings. We'll never get anywhere quickly if we only contribute during meetings ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other questions on that effort that we want to talk through here today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so... it's definitely at 15UTC?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ok. will try see what kind of communication i can get going. if they ever want to do europe mornings, times like 0900 UTC or 1000 UTC would work for me (but not for U.S. :/)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, definitely at 15 UTC for foreseeable future. If Andrea B &amp; Art Lowel are to lead discussions there, I don't want to make them do so at 8pm at night</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and do we have the venue sorted?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 0400 local is a bit of a problem too, though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mhwood: that's every second week for me :( and every dspace 7 meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, timeline is limited by the fact that our volunteer team leaders are both based in Europe. So we have to make it at a time they can be involved. They initially set it up so that I can also be involved (hence a time that is USA / Europe friendly)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That's what I meant.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That all said, kshepherd, if you want to email Art &amp; Andrea &amp; I, maybe we can work somethign out.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I wish we had a time that worked well for everyone...I just don't know that it'll be as possible with this DSpace 7 mtg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; will see how slack goes in next couple of weeks. there's only one of me (not sure if Andrea S is planning on dspace 7 stuff?) so don't want to disrupt for everyone else</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sorry. Honestly, I hate to have to force the point. But, I honestly feel we are much better off getting more activity on Slack *anyhow*.  I'd rather the meetings be quick updates or bigger discussions...currently they are too "heavy"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If the meetings become "lighter", then they would be less dependent on Art &amp; Andrea, and then we could even hold two update meetings (one at 15UTC and a later on at 20UTC)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I think we just need to bring this discussion up with Art &amp; Andrea...and maybe try to push the point of collaborating more via Slack.  If we start to work out the "kinks" maybe we can resolve this process for everyone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I also think the REST team needs a chance to get some of its own momentum going since the angular team has had more time to get running.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b++: REST is really just trying to get started</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Um.  General updates can just be emailed.  Specific issue updates probably ought to be communicated through the issue tracker.  Meetings should be for rapid-fire interaction.  But that means everybody is there to interact.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ok sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: I agree with that. But, the interaction right now is highly dependent on Art &amp; Andrea being there (as they are doing most of the heavy lifting). If we get more collaboration going, I think we'd be able to hold later meetings (20UTC-ish) that need not involve Art &amp; Andrea, but allow others to interact and move things forward</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; REST needs to decide on a framework.  Then design and coding becomes possible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so, I think we've got a (general) plan here to find ways to get more collaboration going &amp; to involve more folks (including separate meeting times)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other last thoughts here? or shall we move on to DSpace 6 high priorities, etc?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, moving along ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; one question: have we decided on where the meeting will occur?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; hangouts was the decision at the end of the meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: Google Hangouts still, until we start to break the boundaries of 15 folks (we got close once, but last week was only 10ish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, works for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If Google Hangouts doesn't work out, we'll move to voice only. But, for now, I prefer Hangouts as it has screen sharing, video, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, on to 6.0 tickets.  Our High Priority list is in the agenda. But here's the direct link: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=filter%3D13904++&amp;src=confmacro">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=filter%3D13904++&amp;src=confmacro</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=filter%3D13904++&amp;src=confmacro">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=filter%3D13904++&amp;src=confmacro</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd like to at least look at status of our 6.1 Blockers today (we have several of them open still)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll start with DS-3457 (which I know has been quite active with terry-b and kshepherd)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3457">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3457</a> ] - [DS-3457] Tomcat Restart Hangs after Sharding DSpace 6x Statistics - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I think we have a good fix in place.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; The 6x service init process was attempting to use solr before solr was initialized</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aha</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; The code waits for the first request to query/post to solr and triggers the initialization of shards</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; mhwood, kshepherd and Tom Desair all commented that this approach will likely be good for Solr 5 which will run outside of tomcat</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; There are 3 pairs of PRs for 5x, 6x, and master.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, this sounds like it's getting close to ready to merge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Actually I commented that we may run into trouble all over again with Solr 5.  But I should look at your code....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; One PR is for the import/export tools and the other is for the stats service</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; mhwood, it had sounded like you were emphasizing the same point.... sorry to misunderstand</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; if this all passes tests, you all are trusted devs, and there are more than enough votes amoung you to get this merged :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: does that mean you'd volunteer to give this a second look?  It sounds like we have it tested, but an additional set of eyes might be good here (and we need two +1s)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I will look it over.  I'm the last person you should ask about how to actually use Solr but I will look at the synchronization, which seems to be what this one is all about.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mhwood: i think it works fine with the solr 5 selfcontained webapp, since it's based on whether solr can be pinged, not whether dspace thinks it's been deployed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; kshepherd, thank you again for the detailed testing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; np</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll give it a glance here too, but feel free to merge it as soon as it hits +2.  It need not wait for my approval (and I have meetings most of today, so may not get to it till tomorrow)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 3457 is on my todo list.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I created the master PRs today once I saw that kshepherd had tested the 6x PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks for all the hard work here terry-b and kshepherd. Glad you were able to track it down, terry-b!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; mhwood, could you look at 3456 as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, I will.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; going to move on to our next 6.1 blocker (we can loop back to other tickets later, time permitting)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next, I see DS-3431... which still needs a volunteer Committer (if anyone has interest/time)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3431">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3431</a> ] - ('Unexpected error:', &lt;type 'exceptions.AttributeError'&gt;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Not much to say on that (here), but I'd like to find an interested person to move this along obviously (get in touch if interested)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next 6.1 blocker is DS-3409 (has PR, assigned to mhwood for review)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3409">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3409</a> ] - [DS-3409] Handle of collections and communities are lost during migration using oracle - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (whoops, I skipped a blocker in that list...will do it after this one though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any updates here mhwood, or are we still just waiting on testing of 3409's PR?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i have 3431 on my "see what i have time to do" list... the next 7 days won't give me a lot of dspace or dev time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've started testing 3409 today but have not finished yet -- got things mixed up and have to make another run at it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks kshepherd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks mhwood. Sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That's actually the full list of 6.1 Blockers (the other blocker in our list is for 7.0, I now realize)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there other tickets/PRs that folks want to discuss from this high priority list (or quick fixes not on this list)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DSPR1636 is a tiny one, I plan to merge it if there are no objections and Travis gives me a green button to press</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I will also note there's quite a few high priority tickets in the "volunteer needed" status (if anyone has time)...and some sitting in "Code review needed" that just need testers to help move forward</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DSPR#1636</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1636">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1636</a> ] - [DS-3475] added back assetstore.dir configuration to dspace.cfg by hardyoyo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; just a reminder that there's a critical (not blocker) we mentioned last time at <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3446">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3446</a> with a pull request, reviewed, just needs another +1 i think?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3446">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3446</a> ] - [DS-3446] Non-admin submitter cannot remove uploaded bistreams during the submission - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3446] Non-admin submitter cannot remove uploaded bistreams during the submission - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3446">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3446</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; DSPR#1611</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1611">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1611</a> ] - DS-3446: On bitstream delete, remove policies only after the bitstream has been updated by tomdesair Âˇ Pull Request #1611 Âˇ DSpace/DSpace Âˇ GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, 1611 looks rather obvious to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and it was tested by another individual...not sure if we just merge this one soon...and cherry-pick over to "master" too)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I just gave 1611 a +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep I +1 it too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DSPR#1632 might need another set of eyes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1632">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1632</a> ] - [DS-3469] virus scan during submission attempts to read uploaded bitstream as anonymous user, which fails by mwoodiupui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It would be good to have more eyes on DSPR#1632.  There are tricky concurrency issues in there that were uncovered by the first fix, and Hibernate is another area where I need more experience.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1632">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1632</a> ] - [DS-3469] virus scan during submission attempts to read uploaded bitstream as anonymous user, which fails by mwoodiupui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; lol, jinx</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: i'll merge 1611 and cherrypick now if you like</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd: yes, please. ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue is looking at 1632 now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood, not sure I understand the problem you are pointing out here: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1632/files#r98481148">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1632/files#r98481148</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3469] virus scan during submission attempts to read uploaded bitstream as anonymous user, which fails by mwoodiupui · Pull Request #1632 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1632/files#r98481148">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1632/files#r98481148</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is it "bad" for a Curator to be set to a given Context? Or is that actually appropriate (as a Curator is just running curation tasks as a user, right?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It may not be a problem now, but it is a surprise waiting to happen.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think it's unhygenic for a Curator to be left in a given context as a side effect.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Probably the instance won't be kept long enough for this to matter.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If you think adding a "setContext()" helps clarify that side effect, I'm fine with it. Otherwise, maybe we add a comment in there about this possible side effect...especially since the side effect already exists elsewhere (as you noted)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I guess I don't have a strong opinion on the right solution, but we should note this side effect in a comment (at a minimum)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Beyond that, the rest of this code looks mostly like code cleanup (and looks good)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'll add a comment in both places where the side effect happens.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll gladly give this another quick look once it's ready</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anything else folks want discussed today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; ditto</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue realizes I have back-to-back meetings here. I'll have to leave right at the top of the hour</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; me, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i still haven't finished getting 1610 commits into master</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; lots of annoying finnicky conflicts, that i will just have to do by hand i think, i'd been trying to think of a way to make it clean</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yuck. Sorry about that kshepherd :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; it looks like they had conflicts fixed by hand at the time of merging to 6.x too, looking in git log</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; it'll happen, just a note it hasn't happened yet ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well, thanks for the update :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; btw, thinking about this since i've been using a trello board for things i volunteer to do... that waffle.io thing for dspace-angular looks interesting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; it looks like this for DSpace core: <a href="https://waffle.io/DSpace/DSpace">https://waffle.io/DSpace/DSpace</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Waffle.io · Work Better on GitHub Issues ] - <a href="https://waffle.io/DSpace/DSpace">https://waffle.io/DSpace/DSpace</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; something we could use? or is there just too much stuff there / too distributed in terms of people doing tasks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; anyone want to review DSPR#1636? Or shall I?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yea, Waffle.io works off of GitHub *Issues / PRs*. Since DSpace/DSpace doesn't have Issues enabled (as we have JIRA) it only shows PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1636">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1636</a> ] - [DS-3475] added back assetstore.dir configuration to dspace.cfg by hardyoyo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: my only comment on 1636 is whether we should consider adding to 6.1 too.  I realize this is a config change, but it seems like a "bug" (in that we removed a config we shouldn't have)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; beyond that, 1636 looks good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I plan to backport it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd: regarding Waffle.io. I *think* there's a JIRA plugin that does something similar. We could play around with that for DSpace main</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hpottinger++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; At first glance, 1636 looks well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: fair enough, was just interested in it. trello works well for me anyway since it can integrate with a few things and i can use it for things other than strictly corresponding to a single jira or github ID</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, just pointing out that we can try to find a way to do this with JIRA. I also find I like Waffle.io...but it's a bit more useful for prioritizing projects (with a definitive timeline/plan), and not as easy perhaps when it comes to massive issues backlogs (like out JIRA) ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; well... apparently I cannot review my own changes :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, for DSpace 7 Angular project, Waffle.io / GitHub issues are being used to plan out the project tasks...as those seem more appropriate than sticking it all into JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, this is all something we can keep in mind...there may be parts we can bring back to change our current tools/policies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm gonna have to run here now. So, I have to close out the meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, you all are welcome to stick around &amp; chat, or move over to #dspace or Slack.  I'll be lurking, but in a video meeting (so likely not lurking much)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* terry-b (~chrome@97-113-118-39.tukw.qwest.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@162.104.218.179) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd needs coffee and food</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: i think the JIRA plugin is just called 'Agile' or something, i've seen it used for kanban-like setups in past teams</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd: yes, I think we may have that installed. We have a "Boards" menu at the top: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa</a> (so, maybe we try to simply add a new board for DSpace)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ System Dashboard - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/Dashboard.jspa</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (~kim@180.222.64.97) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (~kim@180.222.64.97) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (~kim@180.222.64.97) Quit (Ping timeout: 256 seconds)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>