<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* snadeau (84cb8257@gateway/web/freenode/ip.132.203.130.87) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@162.104.218.179) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Reminder:  DSpace development meeting coming up at the top of the hour.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-05-10">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-05-10</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2017-05-10 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-05-10">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-05-10</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Wow, slack sounds like popcorn popping with so many bots.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; banhammer those bots?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; alas I'm not an operator</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* DSpaceSlackBot3 (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; somebody must be</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; popcorn better now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; well this is a tiny meeting, role call?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; I'm just an observer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; welcome, snadeau!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; I'm from Laval University</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; well... I know mhwood and kshepherd are here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; Will there be a moment to ask n00b questions?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yes, let's see what kind of normal business we can conduct with so few people here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, here's the agenda again: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-05-10">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-05-10</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2017-05-10 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-05-10">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-05-10</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; We typically talk about the upcoming release (6.1 and possibly 5x and 4x maintenance bumps as well)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is the slack side seeing this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, bot is working (but still attached to my session, so I'll just leave that up for the meeting).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; might need to NOHUP it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'll fix it later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; anyay, yes, we can sort that out later, it's working now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; Action: kshepherd is sort of here but also skyping for another meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; snadeu: i'll be in #dspace and slack 'tech-support' after this meeting if you'd like to ask questions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, let's look at high priority tickets, code review, and hold off on the discussion items on the off chance someone else will wander in?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; high priority tickets: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3551?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%20%20%20">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3551?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%20%20%20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3551?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%20%20%20">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3551?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%20%20%20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3551">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3551</a> ] - [DS-3551] DSpace 5x XMLUI open two simultaneous DB connections to serve one item page view or bitstream download - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; gosh, most of these are waiting for code review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, maybe someone needs to call out this list on the dspace-dev mail list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; URL not working for me; I just get 3551.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; try <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-05-10">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-05-10</a> and expand thi high priority tickets</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2017-05-10 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-05-10">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-05-10</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, better.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3551?filter=13904">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3551?filter=13904</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3551?filter=13904">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3551?filter=13904</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3551">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3551</a> ] - [DS-3551] DSpace 5x XMLUI open two simultaneous DB connections to serve one item page view or bitstream download - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; or possibly this: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues?filter=13904">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues?filter=13904</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues?filter=13904">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues?filter=13904</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-3520 was incorrectly marked as affecting 6x, I've un-marked it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3520">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3520</a> ] - ('Unexpected error:', &lt;type 'exceptions.AttributeError'&gt;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So there's a bunch of 7.0 stuff at the bottom, one claimed, two volunteer needed (3582, 3287) and a bunch needing review.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; let's stipulate that we will let 7.x stuff be handled by the 7x crew?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; which reminds me, I should do some reminders</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group#DSpace7UIWorkingGroup-NextMeeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group#DSpace7UIWorkingGroup-NextMeeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 UI Working Group - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group#DSpace7UIWorkingGroup-NextMeeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group#DSpace7UIWorkingGroup-NextMeeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; The next DSpace 7 UI meeting is TOMORROW, May 11 at 15:00 UTC (11:00am EDT) in Slack</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; details on the DSpace 7 UI Working Group page: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 UI Working Group - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; All are welcome to attend, if your just curious or if you've been participating. If you've been waiting to jump in on development, I think they are getting close to a code base that will be "fun to play with" :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, so, after the meeting, I will draft a plea for help testing all of these tickets that have PRs waiting to test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-3287 is marked as high priority, and needs volunteer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3287">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3287</a> ] - [DS-3287] ElasticSearch Statistics fails in 6.0 (does not work at all) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; to be blunt, it looks a bit like a tombstone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The problem is that we don't have anyone who works with ES nowadays.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think it's OK to walk away from code we don't use</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, we don't have any regular developers who do ES.  There may be sites using it that are not prepared to contribute a solution.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Clearly someone is using ES, or there would be no ticket.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, maybe this is the best we can do: needs volunteer, high priority</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; should we drop the fix version?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.  I don't like to, but we can't have a release waiting on someone who hasn't been found.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; done</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; can't be helped, won't be sad about it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, so, I'll call out all the code review tickets in an e-mail, next we have new tickets from this week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 5 of them, I'll call each one out here, we've sorted these in the backlog hour</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-3587, DS-3588, DS-3589, DS-3590, DS-3591</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3587">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3587</a> ] - [DS-3587] Add support for MySQL databases - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3588">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3588</a> ] - [DS-3588] CORS headers on the demo server - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3589">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3589</a> ] - [DS-3589] Implement signposting pattern in DSpace - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3590">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3590</a> ] - [DS-3590] Implement ResourceSync for DSpace - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3591">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3591</a> ] - [DS-3591] Curation task &amp;#39;requiredmetadata&amp;#39; should have a mode to report all problems - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; all of them are "needs volunteer"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; a few are for DSpace 7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-3591 is a good one to call out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3591">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3591</a> ] - [DS-3591] Curation task &amp;#39;requiredmetadata&amp;#39; should have a mode to report all problems - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Just lurking here.  I would not recommend adding support for another database until we have a functional REST 7 API.  We have enough complexity to port.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; TerryBrady++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There is discussion of the broader "support more DBMSs" in DS-3372.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3372">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3372</a> ] - [DS-3372] Add support for more SQL Dialects (MySQL, SQL Server, more?) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Also... we don't add new features in bugfix releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; That sounds like the more generalized ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; right, we probably should discuss as a group (maybe on the mail list?) whether and which dialects we want to carry along with us on our journey</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.  Every dialect means another growing collection of migration scripts.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; general ticket: DS-3372</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3372">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3372</a> ] - [DS-3372] Add support for more SQL Dialects (MySQL, SQL Server, more?) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so... I'll send an e-mail to dspace-dev asking for discussion of DS-3372 in general, and DS-3587 in specific</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3372">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3372</a> ] - [DS-3372] Add support for more SQL Dialects (MySQL, SQL Server, more?) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3587">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3587</a> ] - [DS-3587] Add support for MySQL databases - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it sounds like @mire has something ready for MySQL, which, if true, changes things a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; MySQL is opensource, and thus as easy to test as PostgreSQL, it's a high-demand feature</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; if the code is ready to test, I think it would be silly to bat it away... however, I do think the larger discussion is important, so I'll kick it off on the mail list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, next on our list of tickets on the agenda are the tickets that are old, but have activity this week <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-05-10">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-05-10</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2017-05-10 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-05-10">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-05-10</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-3582 needs a volunteer, *and* has some ideas for solutions in the comments</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3582">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3582</a> ] - ('Unexpected error:', &lt;type 'exceptions.AttributeError'&gt;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-3557 is probably low hanging fruit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3557">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3557</a> ] - [DS-3557] dependency on multiple Apache Jena versions - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; marked it as such</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-2227 has a comment on how to clean up a failed AIP import</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2227">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2227</a> ] - [DS-2227] failed AIP import leaves files in assetstore - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; maybe we move this to needs documentation?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe that is best.  Hard to recover from OOM.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And cleanup should be done regularly anyway.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Ivan asks for a cleanup method, Alan suggests a cleanup method, we're just waiting on the docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tagged this for 6.1 so hopefully we can pick it up in our dash towards the finish line</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ivan wants DSpace to Just Take Care Of It.  But that means *another* file to be cleaned up.  I think I favor "do this, which you should be doing regularly anyway."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; in fact, it might be construed as a "good thing" that we let the AIP files hang out after a failure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; perhaps autodeltion might be surprising</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; the current behavior is perfectly fitting for a repository, I'd say</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; delete with intention, and carefully</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, if nobody objects, I'll fix the documentation and we'll let that be that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; no objections, thanks, mhwood!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; assign it to yourself?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Done.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, skipping over the list of closed tickets, and the backlog is back at zero -flex-</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; ᕦ(ᐛ)ᕤ</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I don't like to interrupt list grooming, but we have someone waiting patiently for a chance to ask a question...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yes, we're done with tickets, let's pause for a question... though this channel is logged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; (5 minutes left for our meeting, btw)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; snadeau had a question?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; only thing left on the agenda was our two discussions Spring? and SQL dialects? both can be moved to the mail list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; I have a question with GitHub Pull requests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; Should I go to #dspace or ask it here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; go ahead, just know you are being recorded :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; Ok, I'm working on DS-3164 Item statistic displays UUID of bitstreams instead of name</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3164">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3164</a> ] - [DS-3164] Item statistic displays UUID of bitstreams instead of name - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; That's a bug I corrected locally and I would like to contribute a fix. It's a low hanging fruit, so trivial, a single line of code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thank you!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; So I forked the DSpace GitHub repo in my own GitHub account and cloned it locally</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Tim's right, you don't need push rights to make a PR, anybody can make a PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; I started a new branch named DS-3164, coded the fix, commited and made a Pull request to my own fork.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3164">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3164</a> ] - [DS-3164] Item statistic displays UUID of bitstreams instead of name - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, so you have a new branch called DS-3164</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; Well, that's where I'm stuck. when I try to send a Pull request, I'm getting that message.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3164">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3164</a> ] - [DS-3164] Item statistic displays UUID of bitstreams instead of name - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; a pull request is not a push :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; in github, if you open up your branch in your fork of DSpace, you should see a button offering to compare or create a PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; Ok, but well, when I used the push command on my own fork, it created a Pull request on Github, so I'm new to all this, please tell me what I should do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; I'm used to SVN and TFS, but GitHib is new.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; Ok hpottinger let me see...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; a Pull Request is a branch in your fork, which you kindly offer to us, to pull your commits from into our branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; Ok, so I need to send the Pull Request from my fork, not from my local copy?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; the workflow is: make changes in your working copy, gather the commits in a branch, push that branch to your fork, then, via the GitHub UI, you make a PR agains the upstream branch your branch is based on (probably dspace-6_x)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; Yes, dspace-6_x, so I should do a Pull Request in that branch?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Mark Diggory had a presentation on this he gave at Open Repositories in Edinburgh, let me see if I can find the slides</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; Ok, that would be great.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; Ho, by the way, my Pull Request just worked :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1744">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1744</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Dspace 6 x by Generalelektrix · Pull Request #1744 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1744">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1744</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; the process is: push your branch up to your fork of DSpace on github, then find that branch on github.com, look for the compare or PR button, click it, and ensure you're comparing against the upstream branch you intend to compare with</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; Weee! my first PR :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; cool!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; "Generalelektrix  wants to merge 2 commits into DSpace:dspace-6_x from Generalelektrix:dspace-6_x"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; The process can feel complicated at first, but it makes the reviews and testing by others much easier</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1744/files">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1744/files</a> a one-liner</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Dspace 6 x by Generalelektrix · Pull Request #1744 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1744/files">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1744/files</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; I understand perfectly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Don't panic if something goes wrong, now or later.  We can help you unwind it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; Yeash, I have a live update: hardyoyo approved these changes just now    -    +1 obviously correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm watching the Travis build</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; Thank you everybody, I will certainly contribute more.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yay!!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; One comment:  it's good to mention the Jira ticket number in the PR title, and say what you fixed, so it's easy to spot in a list of PRs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; Ok.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The ticket number will cause it to be automatically linked back to the ticket (eventually).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: is right, about the Jira link, and about the help... we're usually always in here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; which is a blessing and a curse :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; You'll see the style if you browse the list of PRs on DSpace/DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; I will do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thank you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; Will see you later!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; if you get in the habit of putting the ticket number in your commit messages, it helps</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; I did put it in the commit, but not the PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; will do in the future</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I forgot that.  But I always edit the default title so that it talks about the problem instead of my solution.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; snadeau: as soon as this Travis run completes, I'll merge it, unless someone objects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; No objection.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snadeau&gt; Ok, thenk you everybody. I must leave now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* snadeau (84cb8257@gateway/web/freenode/ip.132.203.130.87) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; well, we should take questions more often, eh?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I must go now, and I'll need to take the bot down for a moment and rerun it nohup.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Meeting adjourned?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; indeed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger pounds the gavel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, I restarted it 'nohup', ^Z, and logged out.  Hello test...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; ...works!  Bye, all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@162.104.218.179) Quit (Quit: Leaving 三三ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ LATER TATERS!)</span><br />
