<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-livingstone.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-livingstone.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-livingstone.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-livingstone.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: Late reminder that the next DSpace DevMtg starts at the top of the hour (~15mins) in this channel. Rough agenda at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-04-04">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-04-04</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2018-04-04 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-04-04">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-04-04</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Argh, perfect timing... Slack is no longer responding for me (hence, I'm posting this from IRC).  Not sure if others can see this message on Slack?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; Showing up for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jcreel (~jcreel@jcreel.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jcreel&gt; I could see your message on Slack, tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks jcreel256.  I'm seeing reports (on Twitter) that Slack is down for others too... But the status page currently shows "no issues": <a href="https://status.slack.com/">https://status.slack.com/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Slack System Status ] - <a href="https://status.slack.com/">https://status.slack.com/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm unable to Connect to Slack currently.  But, if it's just me, I guess I can run this meeting from IRC...and hope others can see these messages ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; @here: It's DSpace DevMtg time. Agenda linked above.  FYI..I'm having Slack connectivity issues (hence I'm typing this from IRC). So, I'm hoping others are seeing this OK</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Could we do a quick roll call to see who is here / connecting OK?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Here, I can see your messages</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;philip.muench&gt; I'm here for the first half.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And if your Slack connection starts going bad...jump over to #duraspace IRC (which is where I am): <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/IRC">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/IRC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ IRC - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/IRC">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/IRC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all. Glad to hear it sounds like the Slack issues are either (a) just me, or (b) limited enough that they aren't effecting everyone.  Hoping my Slack connectivity is back soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;sulfrian&gt; Hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, regarding the agenda... it's a bit light again, so we'll have time for folks to bring up other topics at the end.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First, I did want to mention though that I'm unable to attend this meeting next week (April 11 at 20UTC).  So, if someone else @here is willing to act as facilitator, I'd appreciate it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The main topic for next week will be pushing along the 6.3 release -- and I imagine @kshepherd will also be in attendance (he's leading 6.3), since it's a late mtg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I can facilitate the meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks @terrywbrady</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving along to quick updates.  The DSpace Entities WG met again yesterday.  The video is linked in the #entities-wg channel, if you want to watch it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The discussion in that group is starting to center around the third option in the overview doc (see agenda for link)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSpace Steering will also be discussing these options again today (just after this meeting is the Steering Mtg), and I expect this discussion to also move into the DuraSpace Member Summit (next week, April 10-11).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'll report back from both those discussions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; My general sense is though that none of these proposals should be considered "final".  I think there's room for improvement on any of them...but Steering wants to move towards a decision on which proposal to *build from* / be inspired by</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The final solution will be built as a community effort (similar to how we have a DSpace 7 Working Group)...so, even once a "decision" is made, there will be lots of room for feedback / enhancement / improvements</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One of the key goals here though is to make a first step into additional Entities (likely in DSpace 7), and start to plot out the roadmap for how we can enhance/improve on that in DSpace 8 (and beyond).  The overarching roadmap should bring us closer to allowing DSpace-CRIS (and similar systems) to more easily integrate with DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, that's where things currently sit...and where my mind is on this.  Much more will be coming after Summit, I'm sure. I'll keep you posted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If there are questions / concerns / feedback you'd like to share now, please do so (either in this mtg or post-mtg).  I'll pause briefly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, not hearing anything. Will keep you posted then.  And feel free to reach out if you have questions/feedback to share</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving along to DSpace 7 updates.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If you haven't seen it, 4Science gave an excellent demo of the upcoming DSpace 7 submission / workflow process in the last DSpace 7 Mtg.  Video is up on YouTube at: <a href="https://youtu.be/FO7s9ZlIZNI">https://youtu.be/FO7s9ZlIZNI</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Early Preview/Demo of DSpace 7 Submission and Workflow process - YouTube ] - <a href="https://youtu.be/FO7s9ZlIZNI">https://youtu.be/FO7s9ZlIZNI</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This code is still internal to 4Science (as they built it quickly to meet other internal deadlines). But, during the month of April they will be working to give this code back into DSpace 7 in a series of (feature-based) PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, this new Submission/Workflow UI should be in the core DSpace 7 code by May (or at least in time for OR2018)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That's the biggest update on DSpace 7 side.  The next Mtg is tomorrow at 14UTC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving along to DSpace 6.3 updates.... if you've been watching GitHub, 6.3 is coming along pretty well...thanks to @kshepherd and @terrywbrady, especially.  PRs are getting reviewed/merged rapidly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, we still do need additional reviewers/testers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, and also thanks to jcreel!  I nearly forget he's been reviewing too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; The Codenvy setup has been really nice for testing PR's.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jcreel&gt; just a little bit so far - but glad to start helping</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In Slack this morning, @kshepherd (who's sleeping, or should be right now) mentioned that currently, it looks like 6.3 may still be 3 weeks or so off... but, it could be sped up by more folks chipping in on reviewing/testing/merging PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, if others would like to get involved, please let us know... and maybe @terrywbrady can share some of his strategies for testing via codenvy, if that's of interest!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes...oh hey, Slack is back for me. Yay!  (swapping over there now)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Give me a shout if you are interested.  The documentation is here: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace-Labs/DSpace-codenvy/blob/master/README.md">https://github.com/DSpace-Labs/DSpace-codenvy/blob/master/README.md</a>  I am eager to hear if anyone else gives it a try.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace-codenvy/README.md at master · DSpace-Labs/DSpace-codenvy · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace-Labs/DSpace-codenvy/blob/master/README.md">https://github.com/DSpace-Labs/DSpace-codenvy/blob/master/README.md</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there any other updates to share / notes to share on 6.3 efforts?  Questions/comments?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I am testing a PR related to OAI.  I was having trouble harvesting metadata+bitstreams using 6.3 or 6.2 (demo.dspace.org).  I ran out of time yesterday.  If my problems persist, I may have a priority ticket to log.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I discovered this while testing <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1913">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1913</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3556] Rollback of Xalan from 2.7.2 to 2.7.0 to fix DS-3556 and DS… by pbroman · Pull Request #1913 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1913">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1913</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady: if it's of help, I think bitstreams are only harvestable via XMLUI.  OAI-PMH is metadata only (obviously).  I think the harvestable bitstream part is the OAI-ORE stuff that is more XMLUI specific, IIRC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And, yes that Xalan ticket looks like one we should prioritize to get in, if it's causing issues like this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @tdonohue, that xmlui dependency is good to know.  I was running all of my tests with XMLUI.  I plan to have an update later today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; While we are on the topic of 6.x stuff... I did also want to highlight this ticket that @philip.muench just created (as it's in 6.x).  Not sure this will be ready for 6.3, but if others see this as important, perhaps quick feedback would help it move forward more rapidly: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3882">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3882</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3882] Deleting an item does not remove its policies - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3882">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3882</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3882">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3882</a> ] - [DS-3882] Deleting an item does not remove its policies - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'd just recommend others take a look at the details in that ticket.  This sounds like a bug in the API to me, but I haven't had time to dig myself.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;philip.muench&gt; To chip in on it: Might be already resolved or could be resolved by a foreign key constraint with delete-on-cascade.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;philip.muench&gt; Or it might be a one-liner: AuthorizeService.removeAllPolicies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;philip.muench&gt; But since its API code, I am a bit reluctant to just open a PR.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @philip.muench: thanks for that.  Hopefully others will have time to give some feedback.  If you feel you know where the issue is in the API, you are also more than welcome to submit a PR.  But, I understand if you'd just like verification first</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other last topics on 6.x / 6.3?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, not hearing any</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The final topic on the agenda (#5) is just a reminder of some recent discussions.  I already mentioned 5a.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; There is some work to fix our ORCID issues (in 5.x and 6.x) in DS-3447.  We are still waiting on a PR though from Atmire (see that ticket for me).  Ideally, this should get in 6.3, but hopefully we get a PR soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447</a> ] - [DS-3447] Transition ORCID integration to ORCID API 2.0 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, I will note there has been an ongoing dspace-tech email thread on 6.x performance issues (with items containing lots of bitstreams): <a href="https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/dspace-tech/VIofW7EwEXY">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/dspace-tech/VIofW7EwEXY</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Google Groups ] - <a href="https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/dspace-tech/VIofW7EwEXY">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/dspace-tech/VIofW7EwEXY</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; This thread has continued for many weeks (last message was today).  I'm hoping we can find others who can reproduce these issues... it sounds like Ying has offered to share data with others for performance testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't have much more to say about that, but I think it could use more eyes from anyone who is willing (I know @tom_desair was involved in the thread, but others are welcome to dig in too)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm going to stop here...I've been talking/typing a lot here.  We have about 20mins left in this meeting. Are there topics  that you all would like to discuss?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; The creation of 48,000 JDBC statements looks like a significant problem..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; This sounds like some good info to capture into a ticket.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady: that's my feeling too. Hence, why I wanted to highlight this issue. I just haven't found any time to dig into this further, but yes, I'd welcome starting to move this discussion into a ticket as you suggest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Our next developer show and tell meeting will focus on IDE's.  <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Dev+Show+and+Tell+-+IDE+Showcase+-+Apr+17%2C+2018+-+1500UTC">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Dev+Show+and+Tell+-+IDE+Showcase+-+Apr+17%2C+2018+-+1500UTC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Dev Show and Tell - IDE Showcase - Apr 17, 2018 - 1500UTC - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Dev+Show+and+Tell+-+IDE+Showcase+-+Apr+17%2C+2018+-+1500UTC">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Dev+Show+and+Tell+-+IDE+Showcase+-+Apr+17%2C+2018+-+1500UTC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; It will be an informal meeting where we take turns sharing the processes that we use with our individual IDE's.  I would love to have confirmation that someone using IntelliJ will participate.  Please add your name on the wiki page if you are likely to attend and would like to share your dev process for DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady: have you tried @tom_desair or someone from the Atmire team? I think they use IntelliJ pretty heavily.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I am waiting for confirmation from Tom that he can attend.  Since we shuffled the dates around, I am not sure if the new dates work for him.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; My records (on who is using the DSpace Committer license for IntelliJ) also show that @kshepherd and @pbecker *might* be using IntelliJ.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Following up our our last meeting, I have begin publishing Docker Images for DSpace testing.  See <a href="https://github.com/DSpace-Labs/DSpace-Docker-Images/blob/master/README.md">https://github.com/DSpace-Labs/DSpace-Docker-Images/blob/master/README.md</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace-Docker-Images/README.md at master · DSpace-Labs/DSpace-Docker-Images · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace-Labs/DSpace-Docker-Images/blob/master/README.md">https://github.com/DSpace-Labs/DSpace-Docker-Images/blob/master/README.md</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @pbecker and I did a bit of brainstorming.  I would love to get some feedback on this repo and on the images that are published.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Glad to see the Docker image ideas moving forward!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; In May, our Developer Show and Tell meeting will focus on DSpace development using Docker.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Awesome, I was just going to ask that...when are we showing these off in a Dev Show &amp; Tell :slightly_smiling_face:  You are a step ahead though @terrywbrady.  Good to see</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there any other topics / ideas / questions that folks would like to discuss today?  There's a little over 10mins left, and we've run through the agenda.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Or any other tickets/PRs that you'd like more eyes on (that we haven't already mentioned above :point_up: )?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I'm not hearing anything.  In that case, we may as well close up today's meeting a bit early.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; As mentioned, I won't be in this meeting next week (I'm attending the DuraSpace summit discussions on DSpace, at the same time).  But, I'll join you again the following week with updates from the Summit, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In the meantime, talk to you all on Slack/GitHub/wherever!  And if you have time, please consider helping the 6.3 efforts (by reviewing/testing PRs that are flagged for 6.3)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jcreel (~jcreel@jcreel.tamu.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
