<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2018-05-23
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[2:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ogres (uid159312@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bqlmvcmdfgucerhq) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DSpaceSlackBot1 (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ogres (uid159312@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-bqlmvcmdfgucerhq) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot__ (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@dyelar.mrb.ku.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@dyelar.mrb.ku.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@dyelar.mrb.ku.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@dyelar.mrb.ku.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@dyelar.mrb.ku.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: (very) Late reminder that we have a Developer Mtg today (in about 10 mins).  Agenda is at <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-05-23">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-05-23</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2018-05-23 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-05-23">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-05-23</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: It's DSpace DevMtg time!  Agenda is above</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Let's do a quick roll call, as usual, to see who is able to join us today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; Hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome.  So, first a few quick updates...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Our first virtual DSpace Sprint finished up on Friday!  I think it was a great success &amp; we had a lot of positive feedback.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; A brief summary is at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprint+1#DSpace7CommunitySprint1-Sprint1Summary">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprint+1#DSpace7CommunitySprint1-Sprint1Summary</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 Community Sprint 1 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprint+1#DSpace7CommunitySprint1-Sprint1Summary">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprint+1#DSpace7CommunitySprint1-Sprint1Summary</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; nice</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We also tracked the feedback from participants at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprint+1#DSpace7CommunitySprint1-Sprint1Summary">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprint+1#DSpace7CommunitySprint1-Sprint1Summary</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 Community Sprint 1 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprint+1#DSpace7CommunitySprint1-Sprint1Summary">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprint+1#DSpace7CommunitySprint1-Sprint1Summary</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; err, that second link, the Feedback one is: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprint+1#DSpace7CommunitySprint1-Sprint1Feedback">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprint+1#DSpace7CommunitySprint1-Sprint1Feedback</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 Community Sprint 1 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprint+1#DSpace7CommunitySprint1-Sprint1Feedback">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprint+1#DSpace7CommunitySprint1-Sprint1Feedback</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Some basic stats... we had eight developers and four coaches, representing nine institutions and five different countries. Two sprint participants even created their first pull request to DSpace!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We completed 10 tickets during the two weeks...and there's another 5 that are still in-progress (nearly ready)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Most of the work was on the REST API this time around</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm working on finalizing dates for the *second sprint*.  Will finalize them tomorrow. If you want to have feedback, last chance on the Doodle poll: <a href="https://doodle.com/poll/dve8m6s37si7icu7#table">https://doodle.com/poll/dve8m6s37si7icu7#table</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Doodle ] - <a href="https://doodle.com/poll/dve8m6s37si7icu7#table">https://doodle.com/poll/dve8m6s37si7icu7#table</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; No other updates to share on DSpace 7.  Obviously the team is now concentrating on prepping for OR2018 (with our two workshops there)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we can move along now to DSpace 6.3 updates / status.  @kshepherd, did you want to fill us in on the latest here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; sure. not a lot to say really, there are just a couple of PRs left with a 6.3 milestone that i was hoping we could vote on / merge today, and the remaining work is forward porting, documentation, and the release itself, comms etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; so if anyone wants to get their hands dirty with some not-so-simple forward ports (i think most of the easy ones are done) the TODO list on <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a> is just ports now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 6.3 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @tdonohue there is doc needed for <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3788">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3788</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3788] Flyway migration "Hibernate Workflow Migration" fails - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3788">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3788</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3788">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3788</a> ] - [DS-3788] Flyway migration &amp;quot;Hibernate Workflow Migration&amp;quot; fails - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That sounds reasonable to me.  It'd also be good to get a final check of whether we feel next week is still "doable" or if we feel we need to move 6.3 to post-OR2018 (which is not ideal, I know).  I'm finding my own schedule getting tighter and tighter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; and pascal reminded me of <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3627">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3627</a> which may need doco, or at least release notes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3627">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3627</a> ] - [DS-3627] Cleanup utility leaves files in assetstore - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3627] Cleanup utility leaves files in assetstore - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3627">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3627</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; yes, i'd like to settle on that too. i'm hoping we can consider dspace-6_x "soft frozen" after today so we don't merge anything into it until after release. it'd be nice to do it next week, assuming this stuff is done</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; on the other hand, i'd like to do it at a time when you or @mwood are around in case i run into sonatype / maven troubles and need advice or help ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; so if you're busy anyway that might make it tricky for me, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Call on me if I can be of help.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; My ability to do much docs before Monday is limited...we have a USA Holiday on Monday (Memorial Day), and I'm also off on Friday (as many schools are closed).  So, my available time is literally down to tomorrow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; are open JIRA tickets considered blockers? in terms of getting all the master ports completed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; the 6.x PRs are all merged but i can't close them until master is merged too (or in some cases 5.x)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I would say no, they are not blockers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ok, well, if i can get the doc and comms stuff done and if @mwood is around on ~28th while i do the release then we may still be able to get it out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i sent out a gist link on dspace-commit list to a draft announcement notice, and i'll do the same for release notes shortly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; It looks like we actually have an open ticket of "blocker" status: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3883">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3883</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3883] DSpace 6x Performance Issues for Items with 100+ bitstreams - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3883">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3883</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3883">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3883</a> ] - [DS-3883] DSpace 6x Performance Issues for Items with 100+ bitstreams - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, wait, this is fixed... we never closed the ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2016">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2016</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3883: Speed up Item summary lists by being smarter about when we load Thumbnails/Bitstreams by tdonohue · Pull Request #2016 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2016">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2016</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; yeh, i think because it was going to be backported to 5.x?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; this is the kind of messy stuff we have in JIRA (most of it is forward ports though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Yes, the 5_x PR is still open.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; oh crud, yes...maybe</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; we might eventually need a JIRA state to reflect this kind of thing, as master and the older branches diverge even more and porting is harder</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; #2016 is merged to 6_x.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; When are we releasing 5.9 then? Looks like we have several things planned as backported there...and likely it should be released on a similar schedule to 6.3</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm assuming the answer to that is "uh, good question"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm really hating to push this back, but I'm starting to wonder if we need to do this post-OR2018.  My schedule next week stinks.  I'm not going to be much help until post-OR2018</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; hm, i suppose so. if that's also on my plate i don't want to be thinking about any long lists of PRs waiting to get squeezed in, only backporting critical/blocker stuff and releasing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I don't think you (or anyone) volunteered for 5.9 yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; yeh. that is disappointing, i was really hoping i'd get this out before OR :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; maybe we could at least cut an RC for a conference demo or something</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; (demo.dspace.org is already running fairly recent 6.x code)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; If we have enough for a 5.9 then we should get it moving "soon", but why is it linked to 6.3?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Similar/same fixes to 6.x.  The same person need not release both, but communication is a tad easier to have them out on a similar schedule</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ok, well while we're here and talking about 6.3 i'll just call out for a +1 on this easy fix: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2069">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2069</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3498 quick fix. Disable full text snippets in search results &amp; add warning by tdonohue · Pull Request #2069 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2069">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2069</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd honestly offer help on 5.9 (and finishing backporting to things we feel are large enough bugs -- not everything obviously).  But, that help would be contingent on 5.9 being post-OR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I have an interest in seeing a 5.9, simply cause DSpaceDirect is still back on 5.x...and we'd like some of these larger bugs (like that performance issue linked earlier) backported.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; yep, i know a lot of people are still on 5.x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; We still have a single 1.8....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, if someone else can do this work sooner, that'd be great.  I just am down to ~4 work days before OR2018 -- and I have a lot of slides to do ;)  So, every minute of my workday that is not meetings is now OR prep</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I will see what I can do with critical 5_x stuff.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; well that's fair enough. if it's more sensible and less risky to release after OR18 then i won't object.. i'm not planning on using that time to try and cram too much more into 6.3 though, unless someone really wants to advocate for a 6.4 PR to be pushed in and do the hard work for testing / porting etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; If it were I, at this point I would say that nothing else gets into 6.3 unless it would be nonfunctional or dangerous without.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think 6.3 should be considered "mostly done".  I would like to still get in <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2069">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2069</a> though ;)    But, we can now move to concentrating on 5.9...getting it wrapped up.  Perhaps, that'll lay the groundwork for releasing both the week after OR2018?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3498 quick fix. Disable full text snippets in search results &amp; add warning by tdonohue · Pull Request #2069 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2069">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2069</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @tdonohue yes, i've approved that one :slightly_smiling_face: maybe @mwood or @jcreel256 can give it a +1 today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, maybe we draw the line on 6.3 now...move all concentration to cleanup/porting fixes...get everything "resynced" (between these various branches).  Then, cut the release post-OR2018?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; It looks simple enough, but I don't really know what that feature does.  Will have to figure that out first.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1910">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1910</a> has two +1s and it's been confirmed it just reverts behaviour (even though it's confusing as to why sword2 auth uses getbundle()), so i'd like to merge that today as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Fix authentication problem in SwordV2 implementation (DS-3310). by wgresshoff · Pull Request #1910 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1910">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1910</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood: See description in ticket: DS-3498  It's a small security issue that can be bypassed by commenting out a default configuration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3498">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3498</a> ] - [DS-3498] Full Text Index Behavior on Public Items with Embargoed Bitstreams - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; which just leaves <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1973">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1973</a> which is waiting on some extra testing, to ensure that the new integration test can also fail when appropriate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3856 - foreignkey-constraint community2community_child_comm_id_fkey by antzsch · Pull Request #1973 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1973">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1973</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; 1910 seems fine. It's weird but it seems to work (and it is reverting code to old behavior)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; 63 merged PRs wth 6.3 milestone.... ,:(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; 1973 also seems reasonable to me....and it looks like the code was cleaned up so that the refactor is much easier to see. yay!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; wow, 6.3 has been big ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; cool, well it sounds like we're going to wait until after OR 2018 (i think last day is june 7?) for 6.3, 5.9, 4.something release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, should we draw the line tightly around this handful of PRs (mentioned above)?  We can then ensure they are the only ones left "open" for 6.3 (reschedule everything else).  Then, we can move to porting things to either 5.x or master (as appropriate for either)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i'm sorry i haven't been able to get things out sooner... a bit harder for me as a freelancer now as doing dspace stuff means putting off my paid hourly contract work ;) and i know the timing is hard with dspace 7 work, OR prep, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @kshepherd: not your fault at all.  The timing is more the problem.  I kept wanting to chip in &amp; help you out, but I've been busy with the DSpace 7 sprints, and now OR prep (along with other things that just come up day by day)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; There really should be a :gratitude: icon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think the lesson here is...we should be realistic and not plan a release right before OR (unless it's really "ready to go" more like a month before OR)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ok well yep after today's merges lets consider 6.3 almost-done and not merge too much into 6.x branch until after release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; that's it from me then... i have one other (non 6.3) agenda thing but it can wait for end if there's other stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In terms of the porting things to other branches...we also need to make sure to cleanup everything flagged as "port to master" (<a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/labels/port%20to%20master).">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/labels/port%20to%20master).</a>  As things get ported &amp; merged, we should likely remove that label from them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issues · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/labels/port%20to%20master).">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/labels/port%20to%20master).</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @tdonohue yep indeed- need to remember that the label will often still be applied to closed/merged PRs so it can get a bit lost</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; exactly. It's also worth others being aware of this new label &amp; the purpose</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I see it as flagging things we *need to port* to `master`.  But, once they have been ported to master, we should remove the label.  It's sorta a "temporary" label to flag things we know need to be on master as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; That's the most useful meaning IMHO.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; yep that was my intention</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; if it needs renaming to something clearer like "needs master port" then we can do that easily</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; It's a subclass of WIP.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Good we are all on the same page then!  So, we should be sure to review PRs with that label &amp; see if that label needs to be removed from any (i.e. they were already ported)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, post-OR2018, I can help out again starting on Monday, June 11.  I'm back in the office by then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Should we touch base on dev that day (which I guess will be Tues for you @kshepherd)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i think if we also adopt a practice of always referring to the original PR in comments or description of the port, that makes it much easier to see when teh label can be removed, as github will display a reference in the conversation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @tdonohue yes that sounds fine - i will be sharing updates in the meantime anyway, drafts of comms etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, feel free to share updates along the way. I'll do my best to try and give quick feedback when needed. And on Monday, June 11, I can give this much much more of my attention</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; is there a dev meeting next week?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DevMtg is on the calendar, but that's a good question to ask :slightly_smiling_face:  We could use that to do a quick touch base next week.  I might keep the meeting just to a quick updated on 6.3 though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; wow, that was interesting english</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; let's try that again... I might *limit* that meeting to just quick updates on 6.3 though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ok cool. oh and i just realised that'll be the middle-of-the-night one for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; so maybe i'll be awake for that, if i'm not, hope y'all have a great time in Bozeman</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i'll probably be watching twitter, livestreams, slack etc as i can</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Would you like a touch point next week, @kshepherd?  I could just move the DevMtg to 20UTC again next week and let folks know we are doing that to just touch base on 6.3 again pre-OR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And sorry to hear you won't make it to Bozeman!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i could, but to be honest i could probably just put my stuff in an agenda update so the 3AM crowd can get a chance to hear it, too? so maybe there's no need to move it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i just want to add one item before we end the meeting -- i've stuck a dev version of a new slack bot i've been working on into random and i'll keep it online for an hour or two if anybody wants to give it a test drive</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; (but please don't invite it to any other channels ;))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, how about we leave DevMtg as-is then...you can put your updates into the Agenda next week. If you have questions when you come online later in the day, just ping me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we are nearing the end of the meeting.  Any other topics that anyone wants to bring up?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, and for anyone who will be at OR2018 in Bozeman...join the or2018 channel here in Slack. There's a meetup on Sunday &amp; I'm sure other discussions will happen there too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, hearing no other topics.  Let's close out today's meeting then!  We will have a (brief) meeting next week (Weds at 15:00UTC), just to touch base on 6.3.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ok cheers all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; CU then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; :github:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@dyelar.mrb.ku.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>