<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2018-05-02
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[2:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* AlexS[zedat] (~Alexander@home.zedat.fu-berlin.de) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* AlexS[zedat] (~Alexander@home.zedat.fu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-tolkien.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-tolkien.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-tolkien.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-tolkien.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 268 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: Late reminder of the DSpace DevMtg coming up at the top of the hour (~10mins) here .  Agenda at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-05-02">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-05-02</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2018-05-02 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-05-02">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-05-02</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: It's DevMtg time. Let's do a quick roll call to see who is here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Here!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; brought my laptop into another meeting - lurking</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Welcome all.  Before we get started, just a quick note that I have a mtg just after this on (DSpace Steering), so I'll have to leave promptly at the top of the hour</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In terms of quick updates... DSpace 7 Team meets again tomorrow (14UTC).  The first DSpace 7 Sprint starts *next week*. Signups are still welcome, though signup soon please! <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 Community Sprints - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The Entities WG is "on hold" briefly, pending discussion in today's DSpace Steering Mtg about next steps.  Will have more to say about that next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think that's basically it for the updates related to DSpace 7 stuff.  Obviously, OR2018 is approaching quickly (June 4-8).  So, after the Sprint, all activities on DSpace 7 are moving towards OR2018 DSpace 7 workshops &amp; the update/demo talk during the conference</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @kshepherd (who is surely asleep -- or should be right now) added some updates on DSpace 6.3 to the agenda.  The target release date is now May 21</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; One of the key outstanding PRs (that 6.3 is waiting on) is ensuring we can support ORCIDv2 API.  So, we need more eyes/testers/help on DS-3447 / DSPR#2039</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447</a> ] - [DS-3447] Transition ORCID integration to ORCID API 2.0 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2039">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2039</a> ] - DS-3447 : ORCID v2 integration (using DSpace/orcid-jaxb-api) by tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I've been doing my best to try and help this work along, but my time is May is much much harder to come by.  So, I could really use help getting this work "finalized" (and I may even need to hand this off to someone else, if this doesn't get finalized quickly, as I have a busy mid-to-late May)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I see @kshepherd did some testing on the PR and noted issues...I'm not entirely sure I even know how to solve those myself, as most of this code was written by Atmire. But, if I get a chance this week, I'll try and dig a bit more myself.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; if anyone else has time for this, I'd definitely appreciate help here ;)  I'm no ORCID expert either, but it seems like an opportunity for several of us to learn / improve the code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there other topics/PRs/tickets that folks here want help on for 6.3?  I don't have any others in front of me (or on the agenda), so definitely mention others of importance (to you)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I will take a look and see if I can figure out where the missing configuration should be.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I have been working on clearing time on my calendar for the sprint, so I have not done any 6.3 work in the past week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Looks like I need to do some documentation to close out DS-3832</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3832">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3832</a> ] - [DS-3832] GeoIP-API(com.maxmind.geoip:geoip-api)  needs to be replaced by GeoIP2 ( com.maxmind.geoip2:geoip2 ) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood: thanks.  Not entirely sure whether there is a missing configuration or not...so the first step may be to figure out if something is mis-configured or missing ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yep, 3832 needs docs.  The basic things that need documenting are in the Ticket comments</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; It's mostly just configuration doc updates...but likely a few notes need to be added into the Upgrade procedure to ensure folks remember to update their configuration to point at the *new* GeoCity file, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; OK, thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so it seems I've breezed through what is on the agenda here. Are there other tickets/PRs that folks would like more eyes on?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so I'll note that it seems we still have 12 open "quick win" PRs flagged for possible 6.3 inclusion: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22quick+win%22+milestone%3A6.3+">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22quick+win%22+milestone%3A6.3+</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22quick+win%22+milestone%3A6.3+">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22quick+win%22+milestone%3A6.3+</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Some of these already have +1 approvals from someone.  I'm going to list those here to see if we can get these merged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#2012 is at +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2012">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2012</a> ] - DS-3877 Trim bitstream name during filter-media comparison by KingKrimmson</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; This looks tiny/obvious to me. Adding my approval.  Looks like it'd just need merging &amp; porting to `master`.  Any volunteer to do the merge/port?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I'll do that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks @mwood!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#2000 is at +2 already. Just needs merging &amp; porting to `master` as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2000">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2000</a> ] - DS-2862 Fix legacy embargo checks on DSpace 6 by minurmin Âˇ Pull Request #2000 Âˇ DSpace/DSpace Âˇ GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#1891 is also at +2 already.  Just needs merging &amp; porting to `master` as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1891">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1891</a> ] - DS-3769 Set the right hibernate property of … by marsaoua · Pull Request #1891 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; Action: tdonohue notes I'm going to add a list of PRs to merge &amp; port to 6.3 status page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I just found a small bug. It would be great if some DSpace committers could add a comment if this is obvious enough to just being merged as I’m unsure how to test.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2044">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2044</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3901 by pnbecker · Pull Request #2044 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2044">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2044</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @pbecker: It might help if you can point to the corresponding code in 5.x.  I'm assuming this behavior *changed* in 6.x (on accident)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; No, it is the same in 5.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; sorry, not the same</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/dspace-5_x/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/versioning/DefaultItemVersionProvider.java#L54-L62">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/dspace-5_x/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/versioning/DefaultItemVersionProvider.java#L54-L62</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/DefaultItemVersionProvider.java at dspace-5_x · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/dspace-5_x/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/versioning/DefaultItemVersionProvider.java#L54-L62">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/dspace-5_x/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/versioning/DefaultItemVersionProvider.java#L54-L62</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I added something while giving submitters the chance to add new versions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, I see this code was added in <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/896">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/896</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1814: Allow submitter to create new version of their items. by pnbecker · Pull Request #896 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/896">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/896</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I added a comment to the PR with the link to DSpace 5.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; @tdonohue right.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; It does sound/look fishy to me.  I don't know this code well, but you wrote it yourself ;)  So, I would trust you here.  So, I'll give it a +1 via code review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; But if you just look on the logic, it seems odd. If the previous version is not in archive OR the version to delete is a work*item….</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; great thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Maybe @kshepherd and @terrywbrady can take a look if this can still make it into 6.3</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I was working on other parts of that code and just found this strange.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; While we were talking, I just figured out how to query for PRs that are already "approved" (i.e. at least at +1) and scheduled for 6.3.  I added this canned query to the top of our 6.3 Status wiki page:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.3+review%3Aapproved+">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.3+review%3Aapproved+</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.3+review%3Aapproved+">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.3+review%3Aapproved+</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I wonder why the test isn't (previous item is not archived and item to be deleted is archived).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, that's a GitHub query we can use to find PRs to quickly merge :point_up:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; @mwood also a good idea. Will you add a comment?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; In a side channel I just raised the question whether new PRs should already be labelded 6.4 or if I should continue to label them 6.3 and ping @kshepherd. I admire the time he puts into 6.3 and don’t want to add to much requests. On the other side we still may be able to add some quick-win bug fixes. Any ideas about that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; @mwood thank you!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I have been marking my latest PRs for 6.4.  I have not had anything urgent enough to try to push it into 6.3.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; At this point, if there is a way to work around a problem, or it can be ignored in the short term, I would let the fix wait for 6.4.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd try and limit what we are adding into 6.3 at this point. If it's really a quick win (i.e. small change, easy to test), I'd say it's likely OK to add to 6.3 milestone (though I'd defer to @kshepherd if he feels otherwise).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If the fix is larger, it should be for 6.4 -- unless it's a "blocker" or very significant bug.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If anyone here does find time this week to do some quick merges/ports, we have 8 PRs scheduled for 6.3 that already have some sort of approval (might need another +1 though).  So, these are candidates for quick merger &amp; porting to master: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.3+review%3Aapproved+">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.3+review%3Aapproved+</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.3+review%3Aapproved+">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.3+review%3Aapproved+</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; It was 9 a moment ago, but I quickly merged one that was really obvious ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there any other topics / PRs  / Tickets that folks here would like to bring up?  We have about 10 mins left, if so</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I have one question regarding the upcoming DSpace 7 sprint. Do we assign tickets and coaches on the first stand-up next Monday?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Coaches won't be "assigned", they are just there for help (but you are expected to be proactive in asking for help).  Tickets will be assigned on Monday, but if you see a ticket you'd like to "claim" you can do so immediately (or add a comment to the ticket requesting it).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But the tickets are still being "finalized" (should be final tomorrow in DSpace 7 mtg).  So, a few more still may appear in the next day or so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Does that clarify?  This is our first Sprint, so I'm sure we'll learn a lot in the process here ;)  But, definitely let us know if you have questions or suggestions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; looking forward to it. :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; me too!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, as it's nearly the top of the hour (and I have to run to another mtg), I'm going to close up this mtg for today.  Obviously though, if questions / issues come up, ask on Slack!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>