<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wolfe.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wolfe.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wolfe.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-wolfe.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@dyelar.mrb.ku.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: Reminder that our weekly DSpace DevMtg starts at the top of the hour (~15mins).  Rough agenda at <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-06-20">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-06-20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2018-06-20 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-06-20">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-06-20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I’m sorry I won’t be able to attend :( but I’ll catch up the logs afterwards! Have a good meeting!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: Welcome, it's DSpace DevMtg time.  Agenda is linked above :point_up:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Let's do a quick roll call to see who is able to join us today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Nice to see you all here today. We'll go ahead and dive in.  Most of the meeting I'd like to concentrate on getting 6.3 out the door, but I'll give a few brief updates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; First, I'll just note that the DSpace 7 team meets tomorrow at 14:00UTC.  Also a reminder to sign up for our next Community Sprint (July 9-20) <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 Community Sprints - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The next Dev Show &amp; Tell is next week, Tues, June 26.  We'll be giving updates from OR2018, and Q&amp;A based on that. <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Dev+Show+and+Tell+-+June+26%2C+2018+-+1500UTC+-+OR+2018+Recap">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Dev+Show+and+Tell+-+June+26%2C+2018+-+1500UTC+-+OR+2018+Recap</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Dev Show and Tell - June 26, 2018 - 1500UTC - OR 2018 Recap - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Dev+Show+and+Tell+-+June+26%2C+2018+-+1500UTC+-+OR+2018+Recap">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Dev+Show+and+Tell+-+June+26%2C+2018+-+1500UTC+-+OR+2018+Recap</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I'll have to skip this sprint.  We have an ILS migration happening during the sprint</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I hope to make improvements to the rest tutorial documentation prior to the sprint</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DSpace 7 Entities were announced both at OR2018, and via this Steering announcement: <a href="https://duraspace.org/statement-from-dspace-steering-group-on-the-dspace-7-data-model/">https://duraspace.org/statement-from-dspace-steering-group-on-the-dspace-7-data-model/</a>  There will be a new iteration of a DSpace 7 Entities Working Group (concentrating on implementing entities in the DSpace 7 codebase).  That group has not yet been created, but expect public calls for participation soon (next week or so, I</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Statement from DSpace Steering Group on the DSpace 7 Data Model - Duraspace.org ] - <a href="https://duraspace.org/statement-from-dspace-steering-group-on-the-dspace-7-data-model/">https://duraspace.org/statement-from-dspace-steering-group-on-the-dspace-7-data-model/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think that's it for the quick updates.... unless anyone here has other updates to share and/or questions/comments (on anything I've noted)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, not hearing any...let's move on to getting 6.3 (and 5.9, etc) out the door!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I think (@kshepherd can correct me), the main things left "to do" at this point are the handful of tickets still open under the 6.3 milestone: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.3">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.3</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.3">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.3</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; There are a few more that have been added to that milestone (other backports / very minor fixes)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; yeh the list is longer than it was last time i checked :P</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i've just merged that ehcache revert/fix now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; aha, good!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, maybe we should review the three listed here, make sure we agree they are "good for 6.3" and then make a plan for getting them either merged or rescheduled?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @mwood has added <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2082">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2082</a> - fixing/changing some dependency versions in poms, ported from master</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3795] Manage versions of some buggy transitive dependencies. by mwoodiupui · Pull Request #2082 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2082">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2082</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I think that port was requested for 6.3.  I see I have some more work to do on it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, and I asked a question on this one. I wasn't sure what master PR it was backporting (it might be <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2032)">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2032)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood: Not sure if more work is needed, but I just didn't know what to compare it to.  You linked it back to a very generic "let's update dependencies" ticket that has loads of PRs associated with it ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I'll clarify that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And, I guess another question...since this is "last minute" are there quick tests we should be performing in 6.x to ensure these dependency changes "work right"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; since it touches jackson xml stuff i'd say testing XOAI and legacy REST would be good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. Do we have someone interested in helping test this out then?  Just want to see if we can get this "assigned"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I can test the REST stuff.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks @terrywbrady</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; It looks like I already did</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Is a new test needed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady: we're talking about <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2082">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2082</a> (the port to 6.x)..which I think is untested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3795] Manage versions of some buggy transitive dependencies. by mwoodiupui · Pull Request #2082 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2082">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2082</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i'll do some xoai testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; OK.  I was looking at the wrong one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it's really just a verification that this port to 6.x works right too. It likely *should*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks @kshepherd!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ok next one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2080">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2080</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3930 Remove extra space by AndrewZWood · Pull Request #2080 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2080">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2080</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; that's obvious, merging now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, I thought this was really really obvious</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; cool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Marked as such.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ta, so that just leaves the S3 one: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1999">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1999</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3870 S3 bitstore leaves connections to AWS open by benbosman · Pull Request #1999 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1999">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1999</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; one +1 already, i guess we just need to be confident this doesn't break anything since we're unlikely to be testing with AWS ourselves</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I gave the S3 one a code review (which requires opening up the entire file to see the whole context of the changes...it's hard to code review just the `diff`).  I think it looks good, but I didn't test it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I described the logic that I saw in the code review in my approval comment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I will note that the code changes itself have *nothing* to do with S3 actually. It's all changes to the logic of how XMLUI lets you download bitstreams... and specifically blocking spiders that try and redownload a bitstream that hasn't changed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; yeh i think that's what confused me when i was first reviewing it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, hypothetically, it seems like it should be testable via the XMLUI.  The spider logic might be harder, but as long as downloads work, the logic changes seem OK to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ok well if i test that later today then and it seems ok, i'll go ahead and merge. i've got the expanded diff here with all lines too so that'll help me follow the code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @kshepherd: That sounds fine to me.  FWIW, I can *believe* this does relate to S3...as if something kicks off a download and then *cancels*, it's possible the connection to S3 may still be left open.  My best guess is this new logic is to try and simply avoid that by sending Spiders a simple 304 Not Modified response instead of streaming the unchanged bitstream</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I think we likely should trust this...and merge as long as it doesn't affect the normal download process (and that's doubtful to me).  Thanks, @kshepherd for volunteeering to test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ok, so that's our plan for these last remaining 6.3 milestones. in terms of 4.x and 5.x, there's just a couple of backports to do / test, i think, then they should be ready</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yep, I did add a new 5.x backport just today: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2094">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2094</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-950: OAI should respect metadata.hidden... config properties. by tdonohue · Pull Request #2094 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2094">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2094</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; do we need to check up on dspace-api-lang / dspace-xmlui-lang PRs to get any i18n improvements merged before a release?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; This is a backport of a fix to OAI that would be useful per the new GDPR regulations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; yep i'll test #2094, sure it's fine, and agree we could probably leave out of 4.9 if it's too tricky</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, backporting that same fix to 4.9 was way to tricky.  It snowballed rapidly....mostly cause XOAI in 4.x doesn't use Context obj much (as a method param).  Whereas XOAI in 5.x *does* (most of the time).  And this fix requires a Context obj in a Util class (which is triggered all over the place)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; As for Lang Packs...I don't see them as high priority. It'd be nice to review and merge any that seem reasonable, but I'm more concerned with just getting everything else wrapped up and out the door.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, If someone is willing to do Lang Pack reviews, great. But, I'm not sure I have time for that...but I do have time to chip in on the releases themselves &amp; announcements</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; well once we have these last backports/merges, i just need to update release notes / announcement and then i things are ready</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i was thinking i could do the sonatype release of 4.9 earlier than the others, that'll let me get used to the process again and ensure all my permissions are good (they are from what i've seen / checked)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i could probably use a few eyes on my release notes, and i'll have to make 4.9 and 5.9 versions too unless someone else wants to do that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @kshepherd: I can review the release notes. That's been on my TODO, and I keep forgetting. Send me a link and I'll do it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @kshepherd: And, regarding releases...a small "warning".  Releasing 4.x or 5.x still seems to *require* doing so via *Java 7* (yes, 7). I've yet to find a way around that: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure#ReleaseProcedure-JavaVersion">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure#ReleaseProcedure-JavaVersion</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Release Procedure - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure#ReleaseProcedure-JavaVersion">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure#ReleaseProcedure-JavaVersion</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; cool, thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If you cannot find Java 7 (which is a pain to come by these days), I think I still have it sitting around on a VM (for this purpose).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; oh, bother :S (re java versions)... i remember freaking out when i saw that earlier but then realised i didn't have to worry about it for 6.3</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If you want to concentrate more on 6.3, I could cut 5.x and 4.x. I've been through this pain, and I think I know how to get through it again ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; well if it's easier for you to release those versions, and you can help out with that, that's fine, i was just thinking i could use the other versions as a 'practice' sonatype release.. though i'm sure it'll be fine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; yeh ok, that sounds like it'll be better for all concerned ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; You can "practice" via the 6.x lang packs.  Those can be released anytime prior to 6.3.  So, you could release a new version of them today/tomorrow if you wanted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; There have been new lang packs changes merged since 6.2 came out...so we should release lang packs again anyhow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @mwood, I just added a question in <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2082">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2082</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3795] Manage versions of some buggy transitive dependencies. by mwoodiupui · Pull Request #2082 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2082">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2082</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it sounds like we have a general plan here.  Do we want to set a new date for these releases?  I'd rather us get these out the door in the next week, if possible.  But, I don't want to speak for everyone.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; yeh that question was asked on <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2032">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2032</a> too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3795] Update jackson-databind due to known vulnerabilities. by mwoodiupui · Pull Request #2032 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2032">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2032</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; For now I left an answer on the PR.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @tdonohue i'd rather get them out this week too, but i've had to retract / postpone so many release dates already, i'd rather just work with you on releases and once they're in sonatype, then start with announcements etc?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; if i can get my testing / backporting done today (and others is done) i should be ready for cutting a release on my saturday (your friday), or the days following that. my friday is a bit busy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i could stay up late or get up early on one night so that you USAians are awake too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I will do my testing after lunch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; (a late lunch today)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think it's OK if we release these on separate days...just need to announce them together.  So, I suspect I could do 4.9 tomorrow (Friday at latest).  5.9 can follow (as soon as final PR is merged).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I can also start reviewing/tweaking release announcement tomorrow &amp; Friday.  Maybe we aim to get this all released this week and announcement goes out on Monday?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ok sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @kshepherd: if you &amp; I want to touch base (even almost daily) that's cool.  It might be via email at times since I think we have little "work day" overlap these days.  But, I honestly feel we are 90% there, and we have 10% left.  If we "miss" Monday, we can surely get everything out on Tuesday.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; yep will do, thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thank you as well!  And thanks everyone else for helping us get through these final PRs...hopefully we can get them all merged ASAP</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That all said, do we have any other agenda topics / comments / questions for today?  I think that wraps up our formal agenda</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, not hearing anything. You all get ~12 minutes back in your day.  Or, heck, use it to help us get these releases out the door ;)  That's it for today's meeting. Thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; cheers all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; 'bye all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; have a good week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
