<span class="irc-date">[0:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ChanServ (ChanServ@services.) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ChanServ (ChanServ@services.) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-karatkievich.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-karatkievich.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-karatkievich.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-karatkievich.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* AlexS[zedat] (~Alexander@home.zedat.fu-berlin.de) Quit (Ping timeout: 256 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* AlexS[zedat] (~Alexander@home.zedat.fu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: It's DSpace DevMtg time.  Sorry, I'm running a bit late here. But, let's do a quick roll call of who is able to join us today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; [raises his hand]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jsavell-tamu&gt; here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; In another meeting, but will lurk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks all, it may be a quick meeting today... lots of folks prepping for OR2018 (next week), self included</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm currently just jumping over here from another meeting...hence the initial silence. But, I'm here now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, we don't have a specific agenda today, but I wanted to touch base on 6.3 plans / updates, and see if there were any other things that either need "more eyes" or general help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; At this point, the target date for 6.3 is post-OR2018.  It's been delayed mostly from a lack of time to get the release packaged up. But, we plan to pick it back up and finish up the week of June 11</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; There are still 4 PRs that are "open" and flagged for 6.3 that could use reviewers /testers.  So, this is essentially the "final call" for that: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.3">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.3</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.3">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.3</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if there are any of you that are not busy with conference prep, or not attending OR2018, this is a good opportunity to quickly chip in and help us finish up the release!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Since there's only four PRs here, I'll quickly go through them and note the current status of each...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#2069 - This is a new PR, but "fixes" a small security issue by disabling full text search snippets by default. Clear instructions on testing this fix are in the associated Issue. It's a very small config change, to disable a buggy feature until we can fix that feature.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2069">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2069</a> ] - DS-3498 quick fix. Disable full text snippets in search results &amp;amp; add warning by tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#1999 fixes bugs in Amazon S3 storage where connections are left open.  It has some discussion, but to me sounds like it's quite an important fix. We may want to simply give this a code review and trust it (as it comes from trusted developers), unless we can quickly find S3 testers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1999">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1999</a> ] - DS-3870 S3 bitstore leaves connections to AWS open by benbosman</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#1973 fixes an annoying bug, and has an Integration Test to prove the fix. I think this is likely ready to go once someone else approves</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1973">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1973</a> ] - DS-3856 - foreignkey-constraint community2community_child_comm_id_fkey by antzsch Âˇ Pull Request #1973 Âˇ DSpace/DSpace Âˇ GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And finally, DSPR#1910 refactors SWORDv2 back to 5.x behavior. A refactor in 6.x broke some of the authentication capabilities / caused authorization issues.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1910">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1910</a> ] - Fix authentication problem in SwordV2 implementation (DS-3310). by wgresshoff Âˇ Pull Request #1910 Âˇ DSpace/DSpace Âˇ GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone here willing to claim one (or more) of the above :point_up: to help move a ticket along (either via code review or testing)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I will look at 2069</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jsavell-tamu&gt; I can look at 1973</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks @mwood and @jsavell-tamu!  Much appreciated. We could use the help on moving these forward</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I know @kshepherd will also be taking a close look at these in the coming week too, but he could really use the help!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Those last few PRs were really all I had to discuss for today.  Did anyone else here have topics / questions / comments for discussion?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jsavell-tamu&gt; I had a question about an enhancement to the RDF webapp we made recently.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jsavell-tamu&gt; We enabled the mapping of Communities and Collections with Pascal Baker's assistance.  Is that something that would be useful to DSpace core?  <a href="https://github.com/TAMULib/DSpace/commit/8318d550b5e84e84365f4d18658a7c9952b23cd4">https://github.com/TAMULib/DSpace/commit/8318d550b5e84e84365f4d18658a7c9952b23cd4</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ enable rdf mapping of community/collection metadata · TAMULib/DSpace@8318d55 · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/TAMULib/DSpace/commit/8318d550b5e84e84365f4d18658a7c9952b23cd4">https://github.com/TAMULib/DSpace/commit/8318d550b5e84e84365f4d18658a7c9952b23cd4</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jsavell-tamu&gt; *Pascal Becker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @jsavell-tamu: My guess would be yes, especially if @pbecker was involved.  As he originally developed the RDF webapp.  IIRC, we may even have a bug ticket open for this feature...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jsavell-tamu&gt; Ok, we're in touch with him and waiting on a response.  It just wasn't clear if there was a reason why it wasn't activated already, since it was such a minor tweak to get the metadata included.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't know offhand, that last question likely would be best answered by @pbecker.  I do know that @pbecker is currently on vacation though, as he's in (or around) Montana already, seeing the sights prior to OR2018.  So, I'd expect we should be able to figure this out after OR...or if I remember, I'll try and mention it to him in person ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jsavell-tamu&gt; Great, thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case though, it is such a small change, @jsavell-tamu that I agree it seems like something we should just add to DSpace out-of-the-box</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I thought there was a JIRA ticket for this, but I'm not finding it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jsavell-tamu&gt; I did a JIRA search yesterday, and couldn't find anything that felt like a match.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, I'm not seeing it either...so, either I imagined it, or someone else mentioned this at some point, but we never got a JIRA ticket out of it. In any case, we'll touch base again after OR and try and find an answer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there any other questions/comments/discussion topics to bring up?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, a friendly reminder that our second DSpace 7 Developer Sprint will be July 9-20.  We have signups already open at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 Community Sprints - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I'm not hearing any other topics, so we will close up the meeting early today.  For those who will be in Montana, I'll see you next week at OR2018!   For everyone else, we won't have a meeting next week (June 6), but we'll pick up these meetings again on Weds, June 13 at 15:00UTC&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I can confirm now that Tomcat 8+ have trouble with our overlay approach.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I was trying to test an instance with a third-party overlay, and could only get it to work by unpacking several JARs into WEB-INF/classes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Sorry, just thought of it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood: I'd recommend we get a ticket created to start gathering some information. It sounds like this is something we may have to dig a little on to find a solution. But, at least having a ticket to note it's a "known issue" is a good first step</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I will write the ticket.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm going to jump back to OR2018 prep now... Thanks all, and I hope to see some of you in Montana</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Thanks, all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I *thought* there was already a ticket for the overlay problem:  DS-2437.  It's been fixed in 6_x.  The instance I was testing is 5.6.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2437">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2437</a> ] - [DS-2437] Stop relying on alphabetical loading of jars in WEB-INF/lib - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood: oh, that's right.  That's from a while ago.  I didn't realize this was the same issue you were mentioning.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; It's *almost* the same:  integrating a third-party add-on instead of local code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood: I'm not sure what we can do to fix a third-party add-on.  Won't the developer of the add-on need to fix the addon or fix their installation instructions (to tell you to add in the proper POM code)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Yes.  I dunno whether we should mention this somewhere, or consider it clutter and leave it as an exercise for the developer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; It's definitely worth mentioning in that ticket that third-party addons may also have this "buggy behavior".  But, I think it's the responsibility of the add-on developer to fix the behavior in a similar way -- it'd be too hard to write up better guidelines as add-ons are not well "defined" and may perform a variety of overlay-type tasks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I added a brief note of my experience to the ticket and noted that third-party products will need to take similar steps.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I'm still mulling whether we can do overlay in a way that doesn't leave this trap lying around.  We do it differently when building WARs than when assembling dspace-api.  I suspect that the assembly plugin can be taught to do what I want, but I haven't worked it out yet.  I looked at shadowing but it doesn't seem to fit here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; The add-on in question actually comes with POM changes to adopt it into the build process.  It just does this in a way that doesn't work well with Tomcat 8.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Anyway, this week is probably not the time for an extended discussion of such stuff.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think this is an area where we are stretching what Maven is meant to do. We are better off looking at ways to remove this "clunky" way of customizing DSpace...and move more towards "overlays via drop-in Spring code or similar".  Plus, some of these concepts will change in DSpace 7, where you won't be "overlaying" the UI in the same way at all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; My choice would be "learn to use Git and keep your local changes in a different branch," but I guess that won't fly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Well, the more common case is fixed in 6_x, so I'll go away and think some more.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; To be clear, I'm implying above that in DSpace 7 we may want to question (entirely) whether Maven overlays even server a purpose. I'm not sure they will anymore.  But, that's a bigger thing to dig into</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Yes, bigger.  We really need to think about how to make DSpace more like a product and less like a neat hack that we share with other heavy-duty developers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I want that in DSpace! If you make a PR, I‘ll review it the second half of June. I‘m traveling before that, but I think there is no hurry. Right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
