<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2018-01-24
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[5:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DSpaceSlackBot2 (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-weber.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-weber.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-weber.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-weber.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: Reminder that our weekly DSpace DevMtg starts at the top of the hour (~14 mins) here. <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-01-24">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-01-24</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2018-01-24 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-01-24">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-01-24</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: It's DevMtg time. As usual, let's do a quick roll call to see who is joining us via Slack or IRC.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; Here, coding, but I can see you all typing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds like we have at least a mini-quorum ;)  I'll go ahead and get started with a few quick updates from other meetings</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; First off, I'll note the DSpace Entities WG had its most recent meeting last week (Jan 19).  Meeting notes &amp; recorded video/audio is at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/2018-01-19+DSpace+Entities+WG+Meeting+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/2018-01-19+DSpace+Entities+WG+Meeting+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ 2018-01-19 DSpace Entities WG Meeting Notes - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/2018-01-19+DSpace+Entities+WG+Meeting+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/2018-01-19+DSpace+Entities+WG+Meeting+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The discusion of this Entities WG is starting to get into the realm of what changes are necessary in the DSpace data model...whether that's new entities (People, Orgs), or even talking enhanced metadata (actually typing fields, etc).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if you are interested in data model changes, I'd highly encourage tracking or attending these meetings going forward...they are open to anyone attending. They are also all recorded to watch later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The next meeting is TBD, but there's a Doodle poll posted on the entities-wg channel in Slack</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Personally, I think this WG is starting to move into plotting a RoadMap for DSpace to become a more "modern" repository, so I do hope that others will join this discussion, as it's shaping up to be an important one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That's it from that WG. Just wanted to plug it again to everyone here ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; On the DSpace 7 side of things, the Dev team is still small, but we've had a few new folks start to contribute, which is great to see.  I'm working on a Planning spreadsheet (linked from agenda under 1.b.) to start to organize development more into possible "sprints"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, not a ton to report right now. The Planning spreadsheet is also not yet 100% accurate on our current status (needs feedback/input from @art-lowel and @bollini, but the DSpace 7 team will talk about that tomorrow)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Thanks to @tom_desair for helping me get acquainted with the code base for DSpace 7.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think that's it for the quick "updates" on both DSpace Entities WG and DSpace 7 efforts.  Any questions before we move along to other topics?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Hearing nothing...moving along then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DSpace 6.x updates:  As far as I can tell, the 6.3 release is basically "on hold" until we get more folks interested in (a) contributing/patching/reviewing and (b) actually organizing/scheduling the release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We still do have good notes on what "could be" in 6.3 at <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 6.3 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I wonder if it would make sense to treat 6.3 like a sprint (that does not conflict with DSpace 7 sprints).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, until we find folks with time/interest in a 6.3, I'm considering it "on hold".  To many "usual suspects" are concentrating on DSpace 7, as we need more effort there anyhow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady: possibly...though I think we'd need to really time-box and plan that sprint. I.e. limit what we'd put into 6.3, and concentrate only on a handful of PRs (say 5-10ish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; @terrywbrady it's not a bad idea, 2 weeks is probably all it needs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And, I admit, I haven't had time to think that through...but, if someone else does have time to start to think through "how 6.3 might fit into a 1-2 week sprint", then I'd be glad to provide feedback/support on that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (Currently I really have my hands full with 7.0 planning. 6.3 has fallen almost entirely off my plate in the nearterm... I'd still love to see it happen, but likely needs someone else to at least kickstart)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; It needs a Release Coordinator.  That person will organize the effort.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I can help with 6.3 but I can't lead it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I think it is a smart idea to not push the same folks to contribute to both branches at the same time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I have a feeling there may be some backporting we can do from master to 6x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I would imagine that 6.3 will become a priority if a significant bug is found.  Otherwise perhaps the 6.3 effort resumes after the OR conference.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, essentially, I'm just being honest here.  6.3 is "on hold", until either I find time *or* someone else steps up to be Release Coordinator. And, honestly, at least in the near term, it's gonna require the latter...my current time on DSpace is limited, and it's nearly all going to 7.0 (and meetings)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll add a note to that effect to the 6.3 Status page just to make sure others realize this is the case (if they haven't been watching/attending these meetings). Maybe someone(s) will step up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; who's running 6x in production? I am</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I don't have anything else to say on 6.3 right now...I have been watching tickets come in and adding them to the 6.3 Status page if they seem plausible for it.  But, haven't thought much else on it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I have a 6.2 brewing and hope to put it in production very soon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger: We are not yet running 6.x for DSpaceDirect.  May be later this year, at which point maybe this becomes more of a priority for DSD.  But by "later this year", I think it'd be likely Fall at earliest.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I will make my weekly request for someone to run though this tutorial and verify the 3 associated PRs: <a href="https://github.com/terrywbrady/restReportTutorial/blob/master/README.md">https://github.com/terrywbrady/restReportTutorial/blob/master/README.md</a> .  I hope to present a talk on the report tools at the OR conference to generate some user interest.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ restReportTutorial/README.md at master · terrywbrady/restReportTutorial · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/terrywbrady/restReportTutorial/blob/master/README.md">https://github.com/terrywbrady/restReportTutorial/blob/master/README.md</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; 6x is pretty well-behaved, older versions of DSpace like regular restarts (ouch, did I say that?) 6x just runs and runs without a restart</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so I think we've exhausted the 6.3 topic for today. I'll add a status note (that it's "on hold" waiting for volunteers) at top of 6.3 status page.  I'd also ask that everyone here continue to add "high priority" tickets to that status page, so when we get to 6.3, we have an easy list to pull from.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 6.3 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; We tentatively plan to upgrade to 6x in Dec.  We have some other big migrations over the summer and do not want this effort to conflict.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving along...I briefly wanted to touch on the Email Spam issues on dspace-tech and dspace-community.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; As noted via email, currently, dspace-tech and dspace-community no longer allow self signup.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I've talked to Fedora team, they allow anyone to self signup to their lists, but everyone's first post is *moderated.* After reviewing the first post, the moderators (Commiters, etc) give that person posting rights, assuming they are not a spammer/scammer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I saw 2 "requests to join" yesterday.  Were they legitimate requests?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady: One was, one was not.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; any chance we can build our own signup form and slap a recaptcha on it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Fedora's approach sounds reasonable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm thinking about possibly moving to the Fedora model here... let anyone self-signup, but turn on moderation for *first posts*.  Then, one of us would have to moderate and approve their first post (and turn *off* moderation for that individual)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Will we have some common criteria for review, so we're all on the same page?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, before I go that route, I wanted to be sure others agree here... as I'd like others to participate / keep an eye out.  I'll likely still do most of the monitoring here, but it shouldn't all flow through me ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood: essentially, if we turn on first post review, we just review to ensure it's DSpace-related ;)  If it is, let it through &amp; remove moderation.  If it is spam, ban the individual and reject the post</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; A little bit of moderation seems wise in order to preserve the community.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Fair enough.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 moderation, you'll probably have to beg for help down the road, but you can also ping me directly if I forget to help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The spam has been extremely obvious thus far. It's just a shame we'd have to do this moderation...but I'm hoping that only moderating the first post won't be too much manual effort (as first posts likely don't happen daily even)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Ask me for help, also.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, sounds like agreement here then. I'll switch all our lists to moderate the first post, but allow self signup. Glad to hear you all are at least getting these notifications for moderation from Google Groups</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And if anyone &lt;here&gt; is *not* getting moderation notifications, and would like to help moderate our lists, please ping me!  Glad for me help!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, that's it for the email spam topic. Thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Last on the agenda, I've been gathering tickets/PRs that look interesting / high(ish) priority to get more eyes on (under topic #4)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-3649: Has received a lot of discussion on lists...looks like an Oracle specific bug in 5.x and 6.x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3649">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3649</a> ] - [DS-3649] no longer can select eperson after upgrade to 5.6 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And there's a few tickets here that could fall under code cleanup.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Reverting Xalan dependency (for 6.3): <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1913">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1913</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3556] Rollback of Xalan from 2.7.2 to 2.7.0 to fix DS-3556 and DS… by pbroman · Pull Request #1913 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1913">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1913</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And, completely removing Elastic Search Stats (for 7.0), thanks to @hpottinger: DS-3455</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3455">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3455</a> ] - [DS-3455] Remove Elasticsearch Statistics - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I really just wanted to promote these as "needing more attention". The last two have PRs, and really just need a quick review &amp; merge.  The Oracle bug needs more work &amp; a PR (but sounds like @tom_desair has started looking at it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That's all I had to share today. If anyone has other topics/tickets to share, there's time to do so. Or we can discuss one (or more) of the tickets I just linked above :point_up: (if there's interest)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; DS-3434 needs votes, and related DS-3803 needs to decide which way to fix it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; The following post might be worthwhile to discuss: <a href="https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/dspace-tech/mnG_tL3Ijrg">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/dspace-tech/mnG_tL3Ijrg</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3434">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3434</a> ] - [DS-3434] DSpace fails to start when a databse connection pool is supplied through JNDI - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3803">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3803</a> ] - [DS-3803] Remove db.jndi setting from dspace.cfg - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Google Groups ] - <a href="https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/dspace-tech/mnG_tL3Ijrg">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/dspace-tech/mnG_tL3Ijrg</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Let's look at the JNDI topic first here. (3434 and 3803)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood: I'll admit, I'm starting to get confused as to what is recommended now to improve JNDI support...is it *both* 3434 and 3803?   Is 3434 the core fix here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; 3434 makes JNDI work at all in recent Tomcats.  3803 resolves confusion as to how to set up JNDI.  I think they're both needed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, 3434 seems fine to me.. I can give it a code review.  I'm assuming re: 3803, your recommendation is to simply remove `db.jndi` from `dspace.cfg` and replace it with better Documentation?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I guess I hesitate to simply remove `db.jndi` without some sort of documentation on "how to do DSpace + JNDI", which seems to be missing right now (and becomes even less clear if we remove configuration from dspace.cfg)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Yes.  I can't come up with a use case that requires db.jndi.  Tomcat has the necessary indirection if you run multiple DSpace instances.  Other containers should be similar.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I can help with documentation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood: So, I'm fine with merging both of these as-is...if I get a promise from you and/or @alanorth (or both) to fix/improve our 6.x documentation for using JNDI + DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I will work on the documentation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'll go ahead an give a +1 on both...and note that Documentation is needed. Thanks, @mwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That wraps up JNDI then, I think.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Let's jump back to what @terrywbrady mentioned...REST API issues mentioned at: <a href="https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/dspace-tech/mnG_tL3Ijrg">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/dspace-tech/mnG_tL3Ijrg</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Google Groups ] - <a href="https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/dspace-tech/mnG_tL3Ijrg">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/dspace-tech/mnG_tL3Ijrg</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady: care to give us a quick summary here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Note that this is v6 REST, not the new stuff.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @tdonohueI have not yet had a chance to look at the issue.  It sounded like a possible blocker.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood: good point, this is legacy REST API (6.x)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Although I am able to run REST for DSpace 6.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; We need George Kozak's Tomcat host log to see why REST won't start.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood: could you request that in the email thread?  I agree....looks like the dspace logs aren't enough, and it sounds like others are running REST fine. So, this sounds more like a configuration/setup issue than a bug</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; It appears that there may be two separate issues in that thread.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, I see you already requested it ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And, it *sounds* like we need better documentation about reverse proxies + REST? (per @hpottinger's response in that thread)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Yes, we should look at that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I wonder, in general, if this is mostly a documentation issue...maybe we need more notes/hints on getting REST API "working correctly" (if it's not as simple as dropping the WAR in tomcat)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm not sure what else we can solve in this meeting right now. I can email the thread to reminder George we need Tomcat logs.  I'd appreciate it if someone here could volunteer to enhance/review our 6.x REST API documentation per this discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I can handle the docs, it'll give me something to do during "documentation hour"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger: much appreciated. It sounds like you have a good handle on this!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other topics / tickets that folks want to raise here for more attention?  (Sidenote: I like this concept of bringing high priority / interesting email threads to this meeting)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; @tdonohue you merged a couple of recent version bump PRs (thanks) did you backport them to 6x?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger I did not. I didn't have time to do so</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; maybe we need some checkboxes for backports we want in 6x?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger: please do add a section to 6.3 Status page on that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; Action: pbecker jumps in, coming from another meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; hello!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Or, if someone has time, it probably isn't hard. I just have had little time to do much more than code review &amp; merge these days</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @pbecker welcome! Glad to get you back in one of these meetings ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; @pbecker interested in the 6.3 Release Coordinator job? :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; @hpottinger are you asking the person that came 50 minutes late to the meeting to do a job where he/she would have to be regularly here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; sorry, no chance currently.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; It was mostly a joke, however, it never hurts to ask</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; But I hope I can attend Dspace 7 meeting tomorrow and will hopefully be able to create to PRs against master next week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think @hpottinger is volunteering to co-coordinate? x)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; This meeting feels like in the good old days. Didn’t changed much. right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Great to have you back, @pbecker, in whatever way(s) you can contribute</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we are nearly wrapping up here...noticing &lt;4 mins left in the hour.  It sounds like we don't have any other topics to bring up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd just add a final note to ask everyone to please *bring topics/tickets/PRs/email threads of note* to future meetings. I think this meeting is a good place to touch base with what is going on during the week, while also trying to push on 6.3, and get updates.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (You are more than welcome to also add links into the agenda itself...though I know sometimes I'm a tad late getting it out)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot2&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; With that, we'll go ahead and close up. Have a great rest of the week.  Reminder the next DSpace 7 meeting is tomorrow (Thurs) at 15UTC (same time as this meeting) in our new Zoom Mtg room: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Meeting+Room">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Meeting+Room</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Meeting Room - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Meeting+Room">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Meeting+Room</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@dyelar.mrb.ku.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@dyelar.mrb.ku.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>