<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* duoz (5e3cc391@gateway/web/freenode/ip.94.60.195.145) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* duoz (5e3cc391@gateway/web/freenode/ip.94.60.195.145) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; It's a bit late, but here's an agenda for today's DevMtg (in about one hour here): <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-04-18">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-04-18</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2018-04-18 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-04-18">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-04-18</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Last reminder that the DSpace DevMtg starts at the top of the hour (~7mins). Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-04-18">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-04-18</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2018-04-18 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-04-18">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-04-18</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: it's DSpace DevMtg time!  Let's kickoff with a brief roll call to see who is joining us today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; I'm lurking here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;sulfrian&gt; Hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I apologize for getting the agenda in your hands a bit late today...there are some new links in there you likely have not had time to review, but I'll call those out once we get to them (none are pressing / high priority though).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, first off a quick few notes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; 1) I'll be out next Weds, April 25... so I won't be at this meeting next week at 20UTC.   I'd like to find another facilitator though, so get in touch if you are interested in facilitating this mtg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; 2) Our first (ever) DSpace Community Sprint has been announced (May 7-18).  Signups are open, and you need not be available for the entire 2 week period.  I'd encourage you all to get involved, as it's a great opportunity to learn more about DSpace 7 in a hands-on fashion: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 Community Sprints - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If there are any questions on the Sprint process or plans, I'd be glad to answer them...either now, or post-meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Last week was also the DuraSpace Member Summit (April 10-11). I wasn't there in person, but I attended the DSpace breakouts virtually (though my connection wasn't the greatest, so I wasn't always able to take part actively)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I've posted some links though to the public notes from both the Summit &amp; the DSpace breakouts in the Agenda</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The notes from the DSpace breakouts are likely more interesting to you all in this meeting: <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aeSCtzCBpYb2FDXLXtGUldYMUAyolUoLKSFp8M8Xjgg/edit#heading=h.qd014ya9jq8o">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aeSCtzCBpYb2FDXLXtGUldYMUAyolUoLKSFp8M8Xjgg/edit#heading=h.qd014ya9jq8o</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Breakout Sessions - Google Docs ] - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aeSCtzCBpYb2FDXLXtGUldYMUAyolUoLKSFp8M8Xjgg/edit#heading=h.qd014ya9jq8o">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aeSCtzCBpYb2FDXLXtGUldYMUAyolUoLKSFp8M8Xjgg/edit#heading=h.qd014ya9jq8o</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I've also highlighted a few key discussion points from these breakouts of interest to developers... the main one is that DSpace Steering publicized a new statement supporting adding configurable "entities" (per DSpace Entities WG discussions) into DSpace 7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That Steering statement is at: <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1T1gkosr5u0JqISV4DL0HSlAEH6QhPpCLnKggx-pq6hc/edit">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1T1gkosr5u0JqISV4DL0HSlAEH6QhPpCLnKggx-pq6hc/edit</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Statement from DSpace Steering Group on the DSpace Data Model - Google Docs ] - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1T1gkosr5u0JqISV4DL0HSlAEH6QhPpCLnKggx-pq6hc/edit">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1T1gkosr5u0JqISV4DL0HSlAEH6QhPpCLnKggx-pq6hc/edit</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The summary / basics are that Steering sees the most promise in the third option that was being discussed (proposed by Atmire). But, Steering wants to see it turned into an open, community developed project (similar to DSpace 7 WG efforts currently)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That said, resources are a major question still... As you all are likely aware, DSpace 7 doesn't have a ton of developers on it at this time (but we hope the Sprint helps energize some more to chip in occasionally).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, the next step is really to start to plot out how to achieve this...and there was a proposal to start with an MVP (minimum viable product) / prototype to show off the feature, and start to get more excitement generated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That said, Steering will be discussing this feedback in coming weeks.  There's no final decision here on next steps yet.  Just several brainstorms/ideas</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Beyond that, one other breakout concentrated on getting more resources into DSpace, and finalizing the ideas of the Sprint.  Most of those discussions immediately fed back into the Sprint announcement (which already went out on Monday).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That's the basics here...but I'll pause if there are questions or comments or if something is unclear.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (I'm also aware that you may not have had time to review these notes/docs prior to this meeting...so feedback and/or questions  also welcome post-meeting via Slack or email)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; There will be some interesting work involved in turning current uncontrolled metadata values into well-known entities.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I mean at existing sites.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood: I think the goal of the initial MVP / prototype would be to really help us scope this work better. The reality here is that we won't be able to achieve everything in DSpace 7...but we should get a framework in place, and communicate also what is coming next (in DSpace 8, etc).  Hopefully, that will help existing sites better plan out how they want to use this -- and even if they want to use it immedi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; DSpace 8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; A sharp curator with batch-metadata-editing capabilities and plenty of time could make headway on assigning identifiers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Yes:  framework comes first, applications after.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Probably there could be a *prototype* author page or some such, admitted to be just a starting point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think that's really why this idea of an MVP / prototype came up.  Many folks in attendance saw a great amount of "promise" in this idea -- but it's still quite conceptual, and until it moves more to the implementation level, it's hard to figure out what is plausible/promise-able in DSpace 7 vs what we'll have to "wait on" for future work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, hopefully an MVP / prototype would help us all better get "on the same page" and figure out ways that institutions could start using it *now* (for very specific use cases, like maybe author pages), and make recommendations on entities/features that will be coming next</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; "Plenty of time" is the problem.  I'm interested in seeing how we could take on the parts that can be mechanized, to leave more time for humans to deal with the rest.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other questions, concerns, comments here?  I know I, for one, am excited to move this forward, but I also want to do so cautiously -- and make sure we really scope it down to something doable in DSpace 7 and create a clear roadmap for what is coming next in DSpace 8, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, not hearing any other comments here...moving along</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; One quick item of business.  I will be presenting a webinar next week.  See <a href="http://duraspace.org/articles/3372">http://duraspace.org/articles/3372</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DuraSpace | Open technologies for durable digital content ] - <a href="http://duraspace.org/articles/3372">http://duraspace.org/articles/3372</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I hope it will be a good intro to DSpace customization.  Spread the word if you know someone who might be interested.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't have any real DSpace 7 updates to share today.  Development is still moving along, but several folks were out (busy with Summit) or sick last week.  So, no major progress in last week.  Coming next though is working to merge the 4Science Submission / Workflow UI into the DSpace 7 codebase (and if you haven't seen that demo yet, it's exciting! Links are in the agenda to the video demo &amp; slides)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, moving along to DSpace 6.3 updates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @kshepherd passed some updates to me for the agenda.  Efforts on DSpace 6.3 are ongoing.  Tentative deadline for the release will be *May 1*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Because of the pending 6.3 release deadline, some tickets/PRs are being shifted/rescheduled for 6.4 (as we don't have enough resources on 6.3 to get everything into the release)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; However, anything rescheduled for 6.4 _can still get into 6.3 if someone steps forward and "stewards" it in_</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Jira doesn't seem to know there's a 6.4</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; By next week (April 25), @kshepherd wants to try and get to a "soft freeze" (i.e. an almost final 6.3)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood: it's possible no one created it yet...Any Committer can do so. I'll do so post-meeting if no one gets to it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The latest TODO status on 6.3 is still at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 6.3 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; 6.4 release is defined now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The basic message is that, if anyone &lt;here&gt; wants to see a specific fix/PR in 6.3, then we need your help _immediately moving it forward_.  The soft deadline is one week from today (April 25).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Anything not merged by April 25 is unlikely to be in 6.3 (exceptions may be made for individual tickets if they are deemed very high priority)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Any questions / comments  on this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Some PRs are languishing for want of review and approval....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We can use some time here today to point out those PRs, if that's useful.  The message here though is that we need folks to be more proactive now. So, anyone who has a PR that is languishing should reach out to others (and keep doing so) to get it moving forward.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; dev channel can be used for this as well (after this meeting), obviously</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We do have time available in this meeting, so are there any specific PRs that anyone here would like to promote /highlight (to try and find a volunteer here)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2003">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2003</a> especially needs some ElasticSearch testing, if anybody is using ES.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3832] GeoIP-API(com.maxmind.geoip:geoip-api) needs to be replaced by GeoIP2 ( com.maxmind.geoip2:geoip2 ) by mwoodiupui · Pull Request #2003 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2003">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2003</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Just an FYI, I'm not aware of anyone currently using ES (at least no one has mentioned in since the last time we asked), and ES is now deprecated.  So, I'd recommend moving that PR forward even without ES testing, if everything else is working fine.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Noted.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll add that to the PR itself ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; That reminds me that we need to ask if anyone *is* using ES.  There is another ticket regarding the building of a tool to migrate ES statistics to Solr since ES will not be supported in 7.  There's no need to write that tool if nobody needs it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I believe we have most of the makings of that tool already, so a part of me would prefer simply creating that tool.  We can ask, but I'm a bit worried that someone may miss it...and then a year or two from now we get an angry email about "Help me migrate from ES to Solr!"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I am not aware of ES users.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I guess my point is...we have ES, so we should let people move away from it, since we are removing it.  It feels a bit odd to simply remove it with no way to migrate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, that said, we can ask again if anyone is using ES, just to gauge priority here.  I'd guess though that someone must be using it (it was built after all), but they just aren't speaking up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I only ever heard of one organization that used it, and I believe they migrated off it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; was that the org that built it? Or someone else?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Yes it was.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, that's more than I knew. In that case, I'll ask on the mailing lists.  I'll make it clear that we may not build a migration tool unless no one responds. Let's see what happens :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Back to 6.3...any other PRs to highlight here?  (I'll give 2013 a code review this week to help it along)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; err, that is PR #2003</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Not hearing of any other PRs that folks want to see reviewed...so, I'll ask a question of @mwood on #2003 really quick (as I was just looking at it further): <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2003">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2003</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3832] GeoIP-API(com.maxmind.geoip:geoip-api) needs to be replaced by GeoIP2 ( com.maxmind.geoip2:geoip2 ) by mwoodiupui · Pull Request #2003 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2003">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2003</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Does #2003 change our documentation around how to download/install this GeoIP database file?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; or, rather, require changes to docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; It does say Documentation Status: Needed.  I should look it over again and see what should be changed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; If the patch is accepted, I'll get the documentation fixes done.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, I'd appreciate that.  At a bare minimum, it sounds like during a 6.2 -&gt; 6.3 upgrade, you'll need to download the new style GeoIP database (`GeoLite2-City.mmdb`) listed here: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2003/files#diff-c90c812a6a59e46ede146d7014c9ca46R11">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2003/files#diff-c90c812a6a59e46ede146d7014c9ca46R11</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3832] GeoIP-API(com.maxmind.geoip:geoip-api) needs to be replaced by GeoIP2 ( com.maxmind.geoip2:geoip2 ) by mwoodiupui · Pull Request #2003 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2003/files#diff-c90c812a6a59e46ede146d7014c9ca46R11">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2003/files#diff-c90c812a6a59e46ede146d7014c9ca46R11</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it sounds to me like we'll need a note in the Upgrade docs...and also possibly some doc updates elsewhere (e.g. Installation, Statistics docs, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Upgrade docs:  good point, thanks for bringing it up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll add a reminder to the PR itself too, once I finish my code review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other PRs / tickets that folks here would like more immediate eyes on?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Any word on ORCiD protocol update?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; DS-3447</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447</a> ] - [DS-3447] Transition ORCID integration to ORCID API 2.0 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I have not heard anything yet beyond what is in that Ticket. I can add in another reminder comment there though, as it really would be good to get into 6.3.  Thanks for the reminder, @mwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; added a comment to 3447 ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We are nearly out of time here, and I'm not hearing anything from others.  So, we may as well close up today's meeting.  I'd highly recommend everyone give the 6.3 Status page one last scan: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 6.3 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If there's anything on that page you can help move forward, or want help moving forward, please bring it up in Slack dev channel!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, one final reminder..I'm looking for a facilitator for next week's meeting (April 25 at 20UTC). Please get in touch with me, if you are willing/interested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks all, and talk to you on Slack!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Have a good week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Thanks, all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
