<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2018-04-11
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-livingstone.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-livingstone.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-livingstone.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-livingstone.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@dyelar.mrb.ku.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@dyelar.mrb.ku.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@dyelar.mrb.ku.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Dev Meeting is beginning.  Who is here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-04-11">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-04-11</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2018-04-11 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-04-11">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-04-11</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; hi @terrywbrady</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; hi @kshepherd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Is anyone else joining today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; I'm lurking, but slack is acting up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Hi @jcreel256</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; Howdy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Looking at the agenda.  There is a DSpace 7 meeting tomorrow morning at 14:00 UTC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; DSpace 7 Working Group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Working+Group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 Working Group - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Working+Group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; Action: hpottinger is lurking as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; hi @hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; The entities group notes are here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Entities+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Entities+Working+Group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Entities Working Group - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Entities+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Entities+Working+Group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Next week, at our Dev show and tell meeting we will have an IDE showcase.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; We will go around the call and have folks demonstrate how they use their IDE of choice with the DSpace code base.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; See <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Developer+Show+and+Tell+Meetings">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Developer+Show+and+Tell+Meetings</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Developer Show and Tell Meetings - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Developer+Show+and+Tell+Meetings">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Developer+Show+and+Tell+Meetings</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Next I will move to the Discussion topics on the agenda.  Does anyone have anything to raise before we move to that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Plans are underway for the first DSpace Community Sprints. See <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 Community Sprints - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Sign up if you are able to participate and reach out to others to join!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Does anyone have DSpace 7 business to raise?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; OK, let's move to DSpace 6.3.  @kshepherd has been coordinating release plans</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; Yep we're getting there, one PR at a time... still would be good to get more people testing things out or inspecting and upvoting PRs. Don't have to be a committer, just have a look at <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?page=1&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.3&amp;utf8=✓">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?page=1&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.3&amp;utf8=✓</a> and see if there's anything that catches your eye ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @kshepherd, how many of these do you anticipate including in the release?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; We also have a status page to track review status of issues marked for 6.3: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a> it's a bit out of date but i'll be updating it today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 6.3 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Also, is the release likely to occur before the DSpace 7 sprint begins?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; At this rate, i'm thinking half of them may make it in if we are to release on say May 1st</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; The plan was to release before the sprint. If critical fixes/improvements can't make it in by then (there are a few) then we should probably postpone and release after May 18</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; That sounds good.  I see the quick win labels.  Are any of them particularly high priority?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I see that label is on 2 of the 32 prs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; yep we got a few we can try get done today!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.3+label%3A%22high+priority%22+label%3A%22quick+win%22">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.3+label%3A%22high+priority%22+label%3A%22quick+win%22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.3+label%3A%22high+priority%22+label%3A%22quick+win%22">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.3+label%3A%22high+priority%22+label%3A%22quick+win%22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Great.  Would you like to call them out and we can focus on them here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; sure, excellent. also i'm going to be in dev for an hour or two after this meeting so if anyone wants to help go through some other PRs just hang out in dev</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ok first quick win fix: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1912">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1912</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3788] drop indexes, update, recreate by kardeiz · Pull Request #1912 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1912">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1912</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; this is fixes/improvements to Oracle flyway migration scripts</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; What else does this one need to merge?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; it needs documentation as there may be some users on 6.x with oracle who need to run some additional scripts</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ideally, it'd get another +1 from an oracle user who can test it in the wild. anyone &lt;here&gt; use oracle?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; (it has been tested by @mwood though so i'm confident it works!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I think we may be low on Oracle testers...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; that was my feeling too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; in which case, maybe we should merge this and put out a call on mailing lists for oracle users to test 6.x (or make beta release for testing)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i'll mark the JIRA issue as documentation needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I support that.  Will you apply the merge?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; What should we tackle next?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; done! needs porting to 6.x, i'll do that later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; next is <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1892">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1892</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3770] always uncache item after performed curation task by pbroman · Pull Request #1892 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1892">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1892</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; (btw if i'm taking up too much meeting time just let me know and i'll shift to dev)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Let's keep going for  the rest of this hour.  Does anyone have other business?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I have one item.  I will be leading the following webinar: <a href="http://duraspace.org/articles/3372">http://duraspace.org/articles/3372</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DuraSpace | Open technologies for durable digital content ] - <a href="http://duraspace.org/articles/3372">http://duraspace.org/articles/3372</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; anyone &lt;here&gt; use curation tasks and feel like giving pull/1892 a quick spin?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; It will be an interactive presentation showing how to customize DSpace.  If you know folks who might be interested, please register.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ok so <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1892">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1892</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3770] always uncache item after performed curation task by pbroman · Pull Request #1892 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1892">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1892</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; improvement to curation tasks. it's had inspection and +1s but no testing by people other than the author as far as i can tell</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I see that a request went out to @tom_desair to review.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i'll try get to it today but if others can give it a whirl then please do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; But, I presume that if you complete testing you will go ahead and merge it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; yeh that request went out in november 2017... don't think i'll wait for that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Should we move to the next ticket?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; last quick win: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1890">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1890</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3768 Fixes the harvest solr parse error by by marsaoua · Pull Request #1890 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1890">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1890</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; it looks good to me - basically fixing start/end date scoping for solr searches</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; but again, needs testing in the wild. the author has provided some clues for testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; err, OAI harvest solr queries, i should say, not discovery solr searches</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; :cricket:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I see this is marked high-priority.  Do you concur with that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; not sure about that to be honest ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; it'd be a good fix to get in as the problem is, some solr query requests sent now are invalid, so it is a bug that needs fixing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; but there are other higher priorities around</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I recommend removing that label.  Does this qualify as a "quick-win"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I just want to make sure that we have a focused priority set since the release is relatively soon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i'm just still getting my head around exactly where the fix works - it's related to both harvest and the rss feed servlet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I removed high-priority.  I will let you make the call on quick-win.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; it's a small fix, i'd keep that label</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Higher level question: what will the release process look like?  Will we just stop on a particular day and cut the release or does any other testing step need to happen?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; yes, good question, i think given the oracle migration patch, and if enough other fixes get in, it'd be nice to stop 6.x merges at some point and do a kind of mini-testathon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; though that makes the timeframe even closer. maybe i'm too optimistic about May 1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; IMHO, unless we identify some really critical stuff, I think it would be good to release what we can by May 1.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Let's go through the other quick win/high priority items and see what thoughts we have.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i've got a pull request / jira issue to get feedback on, just confirming assumptions / spec of item last modified date</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1877">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1877</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3734 Fixed missing trigger of item last modified date when adding a bitstream by christian-scheible · Pull Request #1877 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1877">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1877</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Given that resources have been tight for testing PR's, I imagine they would be tight for a testathon as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; have had a +1 already, but anyone else object to the idea that item last modified should be updated when a new bitstream is added?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; I wouldn't object</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; My first thought is that the date should be updated.  But, does that apply if a dervied resource (thumbnail/text extract) is added?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Or, does it only apply if an ORIGINAL bundle bitstream has changed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; what's your opinion?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; I daresay that media filters are capable of modifying items just as well as humans.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; from a technical point of view, a bitstream is a bitstream, something happened..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; It could make an RSS feed or OAI feed "noisy", but it is also accurate.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; if RSS feeds include thumbnail info (can't remember if dspace does or not) or feed is OAI-ORE, then you'd want that noise since the thumbnail might be in there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I added myself as a tester for this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I added the quick win label</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @terrywbrady ta, do you want to add your followup question to comments? we can make a call on noisy feeds vs strictly true mod dates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; moving onto quick wins</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1996">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1996</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3511: Fix HTTP 500 errors on REST API bitstream updates by AndrewBennet · Pull Request #1996 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1996">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1996</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I added a comment to the jira ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; seems obvious, terry you're the REST master :slightly_smiling_face: if you're +1 i'll merge pull/1996</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I will test it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; (we're close to having all outstanding REST issues merged)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Interestingly, I have never really used legacy REST to apply updates. It will be good to do some work with it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ok sure thing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @jcreel256 shout out if you want in on testing any of these!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; yes!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; Getting slammed here with some local deployment issues on other products, so I don't want to promise anything.  But I like the look of some of those quick wins.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; If you find some time, use the labels to find some items to grab.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; What's next?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1883/files">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1883/files</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3702 &amp; DS-3703: Rebuild the old behavior of bitstreams during vers… by marsaoua · Pull Request #1883 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1883/files">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1883/files</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; oops</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; linked to /files of that PR by accident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; this is not quick win but is high priority</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; needs testers and reviewers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i'll just leave that there for people to subscribe  / add selves as reviewers since we're unlikely to be able to merge it now...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; So I don't know that I can add labels in DSpace/DSpace on github</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; FYI, I'm only part-way lurking here, but I've assigned DSPR1892 to myself and will test it today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; Oh, yes, I see, I should use the existing labels to find things :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @jcreel256 possibly not, no, if you want a label added just let me know</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Thanks @hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@dyelar.mrb.ku.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ok next.. we have two quick wins about item versioning and xmlui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Is the priority of this so high it should delay the release?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @terrywbrady, looks like you're asking about reproducing one of them.... might not be an issue, and the other, i've asked for some changes but haven't heard back from author yet (so i might need to create new PR and cherrypick the commit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Could you throw a link into the chat</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @terrywbrady i agree.. i think those PRs have become relatively lower priority compared to some other things, and the need for quick release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1949">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1949</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3830 Item retrieval fallbacks for versioning navigation by jonas-atmire · Pull Request #1949 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1949">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1949</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; and <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1947">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1947</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3828 Add latest version information to versioning Navigation validity by jonas-atmire · Pull Request #1947 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1947">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1947</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; For 1949, Personally, I would not hold up changes for code formatting.  In 7x, we will get that by convention.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @jcreel256 btw thanks for reviewing the bitstream versioning issue already - i think we probably can get this one in if i can test it in next few days, but i'm going to remove the 'high priority' label anyway since it probably won't block release if it's not in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @terrywbrady ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I saw we remove quick-win from 1947 since we have no response from the contributor</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; (removed it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ok i'll merge 1949 now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; We have 5 min left for the scheduled call.  Conversations can continue in dev after the meeting ends.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Personally, I would like to push to have a release by May 1.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; What thoughts do others have?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; that'd be preferable to May 18, i think, unless we're unable to get some high priority fixes made and tested by then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; seems that there'll have to be a 6.4 later this year anyway, in my opinion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Sounds good.  I recommend taking a really critical look at what must be in 6.3.  (I say that having gotten my priority stuff in already...)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; This wraps up our scheduled time.  If you are able, join @kshepherd in dev.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; thanks all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @kshepherd, thanks for coordinating this release for us!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i will check with @tdonohue about a 6.4 milestone in github so we can start postponing PRs and getting a more curated 6.3 list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @terrywbrady hah, i'm not sure that i am! i'll keep blabbing about it and posting github links though...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ok, over to dev for me, cheers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; If you have the ability to create a milestone, I say go for it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; See you in dev.  Thanks all!</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>