<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2018-01-10
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 248 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Couldn't look up your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@54.243.59.36) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* AlexS[zedat] (~Alexander@home.zedat.fu-berlin.de) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* AlexS[zedat] (~Alexander@home.zedat.fu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; @here: Slack is acting up for me again today (I know they had issues yesterday). Trying to send a reminder of our DevMtg at the top of the hour here.  A very rough/quick agenda at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-01-10">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-01-10</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2018-01-10 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-01-10">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-01-10</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If anyone on Slack can see the above messages, I'd appreciate it if you can respond.  Trying to determine whether this Slack issue is just me, or widespread :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;robintaylor&gt; Who said that? :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi robintaylor.  Ok, so at least *you* are in Slack. :)  I cannot seem to get in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I see your "Slack is acting up again" message.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, lemme try and access Slack from the WebUI. Maybe it's just the desktop app that is failing me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Aha. There we go. The Slack WebUI is working.  Desktop app (for Windows) won't work for me (keeps locking up).  I'll just go with this for today ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: We'll start the DSpace DevMtg shortly. Rough agenda at <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-01-10">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-01-10</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2018-01-10 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-01-10">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-01-10</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, let's do a brief roll call to see who is here today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;sulfrian&gt; Happy New Year everybody.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (I already heard from @robintaylor and @mwood)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, Happy New Year too!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, looks like we are a smallish group (or others are having similar connection issues). So, we'll proceed as-is.  This discussion is being logged in IRC, so folks can check that later as needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; This is our first meeting back after the holidays / new year, so the agenda is quite light. It's basically a copy of the last meeting agenda from mid-Dec</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll kick things off with a few general updates though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The DSpace 7 team hasn't met since Dec. The next meeting of that group will be *tomorrow* at 15UTC (this same time).  We welcome anyone to join the meeting, no need to signup or notify us prior.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And meeting notes for those DSpace 7 meetings are kept off this wiki page: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Working+Group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 Working Group - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Working+Group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Semi-related to that, tomorrow I'm going to suggest that the DSpace 7 team meet at a new location (reminder/notice will be sent on Slack &amp; email after this meeting).  DuraSpace now has a Zoom account, and we now have a DSpace zoom "meeting space": <a href="https://duraspace.zoom.us/my/dspace">https://duraspace.zoom.us/my/dspace</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ You are using an unsupported browser. - Zoom ] - <a href="https://duraspace.zoom.us/my/dspace">https://duraspace.zoom.us/my/dspace</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, going forward, I'm going to suggest DSpace 7 meetings (and other DSpace meetings) can use our Zoom meeting area.  It has less limits than Google Hangouts, and it's easier to do things like record meetings (if needed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Much more info on that will be coming soon (this is an early notice, as we just figured out this setup literally this week)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; This one included</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think that's another good question, @terrywbrady.  Would we like to continue these meetings as Slack/IRC text-chat?  Or would we like to move to voice/video (via Zoom)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Text preferred here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I vote for Zoom, but I know others have disagreed with that idea in the past.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think any meetings that want to use voice (or video) should use Zoom.  But, as this meeting as traditionally been text-based, it's more of a question of whether we want to move to voice/video</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Can't 'grep' a video recording....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;sulfrian&gt; Personally I strongly prefer text-chat meetings, because I can attend without disturbing people around me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so we have two folks saying text, and one saying voice.  I'd say we should get some more input as well, but I don't want to change just to change.  So, at least for now, let's keep this meeting as-is. I can also ask this to dspace-dev mailing list for feedback (post-mtg)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, at the very least, you all should now be aware that... if there is a DSpace-related meeting that you'd like to use voice/video for, we now have a dedicated space for that.  But, please get in touch with me if you want to use it (so we don't schedule overlapping meetings in that space)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Still on the DSpace 7 topic. I don't have any major updates to share (as the team hasn't met since Dec).  But, I *have* been enhancing the details on the DSpace 7 Status page: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+7.0+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+7.0+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 7.0 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+7.0+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+7.0+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* paulo_graca (c1882c4c@gateway/web/freenode/ip.193.136.44.76) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The info there is still very much a work-in-progress.  But, I'd appreciate it if others could give it a read / provide feedback or other frequently asked questions I should answer on that page, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The goal here is to turn this page more into a "current status of the work".   So, I can start trying to push this communication out a bit more (to everyone, not even just developers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Sorry, got a minor family emergency and I need to leave now.  Will read the log later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Sorry to hear that, @mwood.  Hope all is well...we'll talk later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;sulfrian&gt; In the Release Timeline at the bottom there are two points "for 5.0". This should be "for 7.0", or?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @sulfrian: yes, those should say 7.0.  That timeline is a copy &amp; paste from an old one.  I see I missed updating a few of the numbers. Thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Another item that would be good to see is "how do I build a local instance"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Good point. Yes, I can add in notes on that, @terrywbrady</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I have a New Years intention to get involved with the REST effort again.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; So that info will be very helpful.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, if you find mistakes, or feel there are "unanswered questions", please do ping me or add comments to this page. I'd like to ensure this page is as clear as it can be, and if there's a question you are "afraid to ask" or feel you "should know the answer to, but don't", I'd rather you ask me...and I'll document it! ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll also obviously be showing this to the DSpace 7 team tomorrow and getting there help on it (especially on the "Current Status of the new UI" section, which I'm not sure is 100% accurate yet...but it's likely close)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That's it for the DSpace 7 related updates for today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The next topic (#2) on the agenda is DSpace 6.3 release planning updates. <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 6.3 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't have any updates on that myself to share...but I wanted to remind others of this parallel effort to push out a new bug-fix release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; There's a good number of tickets on that status page with their current status, and tasks to-do.  So, if any are of interest to you, please feel free to chip in (as we could use help).  Additionally, if there are missing tickets that *should be on that list*, please do add them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And this reminded me of one recent ticket that definitely should be on the 6.3 to-do list: DS-3788</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3788">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3788</a> ] - [DS-3788] Flyway migration &amp;quot;Hibernate Workflow Migration&amp;quot; fails - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Related to the 6.3 status, the following tutorial page will walk someone through 3 of the 6.3 PR's.  <a href="https://github.com/terrywbrady/restReportTutorial">https://github.com/terrywbrady/restReportTutorial</a>  My hope is that this will make the testing process interesting and informative.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ GitHub - terrywbrady/restReportTutorial: Tutorial for the DSpace REST Report Tools ] - <a href="https://github.com/terrywbrady/restReportTutorial">https://github.com/terrywbrady/restReportTutorial</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; Action: tdonohue just added 3788 to that list of to-do tickets</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady: should we link that tutorial off the 6.3 status page, under those tickets it helps with?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Good idea.  I will make that update</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, that's everything I had for 6.3 updates.  There's no estimated release date yet.  We also could use help simply organizing the release efforts (talk to me if interested, and I'll give more details).  I'm currently having to concentrate a bit more on DSpace 7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The other agenda items here (#3 and #4) are repeats from December (as we had a very sparsely attended meeting).  So, they are mainly just an FYI, unless folks want to discuss further.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; First among those is that DCAT has approved moving forward with DS-3708.  So, we are just looking for a volunteer / someone interested in moving this effort forward</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3708">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3708</a> ] - [DS-3708] Isolate DSpace-generated DOIs from other identifiers - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And the second note is a reminder of the DSpace Java Code Style work (to be coming on the `master` branch): <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1895">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1895</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [FOR DISCUSSION] Proposed new Code Style rules for DSpace "master" branch by tdonohue · Pull Request #1895 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1895">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1895</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; This is also a good time to remind folks to submit papers for OR 2018: <a href="http://www.or2018.net/call-for-papers/">http://www.or2018.net/call-for-papers/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Call for Papers – Open Repositories 2018 :: June 4-7, 2018 ] - <a href="http://www.or2018.net/call-for-papers/">http://www.or2018.net/call-for-papers/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That #1895 PR includes the final proposal, so if there are objections / comments, please add them into the PR.  I'm hoping to move that Code Style PR forward in the very near future to actually implement these changes on `master`</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady: yes! Thanks for the reminder.  OR2018 proposals are due on January 15 (Monday). So, get them in soon! <a href="http://www.or2018.net/call-for-papers/">http://www.or2018.net/call-for-papers/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Call for Papers – Open Repositories 2018 :: June 4-7, 2018 ] - <a href="http://www.or2018.net/call-for-papers/">http://www.or2018.net/call-for-papers/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so that's it for our agenda items.  Are there other topics, reminders, tickets/PRs that folks here would like to discuss?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Not hearing any.  I'll then bring up a few "JIRA Backlog" tickets that I'd appreciate some help in reviewing.  (I'll stick to ones related to DSpace 6.x and below for this meeting): <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=filter%3D10152+&amp;src=confmacro">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=filter%3D10152+&amp;src=confmacro</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=filter%3D10152+&amp;src=confmacro">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=filter%3D10152+&amp;src=confmacro</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Specifically, I'd like more eyes on DS-3767 and DS-3775.  Looking for someone to possibly help verify these bugs "exist" (see if you can reproduce them)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3767">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3767</a> ] - [DS-3767] Error submitting an item to a collection without WRITE permission via REST - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3775">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3775</a> ] - [DS-3775] Hibernate LazyInitializationException on submission completion under certain conditions - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Side question.  Since we are not actively using the Jira Backlog meeting on the DSpace public calendar, should that event be deleted until we need it again?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady: yes, I can remove that meeting.  Currently, it seems like we don't need it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd also like feedback / verification on DS-3742 and DS-3732</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3742">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3742</a> ] - [DS-3742] qualdrop_value causes problems when there are similar fields in input-forms which differ by schema only - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3732">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3732</a> ] - [DS-3732] BTE import service fails to import multiple qualdrop fields - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; These 4 tickets are all recent bug tickets.  I trust that they likely are bugs, but I haven't had time dig in and verify the bug, or provide feedback.  So, if anyone could help in reviewing even one of these, I'd appreciate it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If anyone is interested in discussing one of these four here, I'm also game for that.  But, I know we are quite a small group, so I wasn't sure if anyone here is familiar with these specific areas of the codebase</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Regarding <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3775,">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3775,</a> it is easy to overlook the logo relationships to community/collections and to assume that bitstreams are only in bundles.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3775] Hibernate LazyInitializationException on submission completion under certain conditions - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3775,">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3775,</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3775">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3775</a> ] - [DS-3775] Hibernate LazyInitializationException on submission completion under certain conditions - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; good point, @terrywbrady.  I guess I'm wondering what the proper fix here would be.  Maybe 3775 is a ticket that would be of interest to @tom_desair (when he has a chance), since I know he's wrestled with these Hibernate LazyInitialization exceptions elsewhere in the past.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If you have any ideas on this though, @terrywbrady (even just brainstorms), I'd welcome you to comment on the ticket. I was a bit lost initially, but admittedly I forgot that logos are a bit "different" than normal bitstreams</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; This does make me wonder though if we are uncaching a logo too soon (i.e. it's still referenced in use by Context or something)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; For some reason (I can no longer remember why), I removed the option for users to upload a bitstream logo for our collections.  It seemed to be a complicated approach for simply adding a theme logo.  If we do want to support bitstreams at a community/colleciton level, it might be worthwhile to consider the ability to associate bundles and multiple bitstreams for a collection/community.  As we have been ex</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; could imagine wanting to store those for a community/collection.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; So I seem to simultaneously want to simplify and add complexity to the database schema in that last comment...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I will see if I can add value to any of these tickets later today.  I am hesitant to get too deep into any of these issues because I want to get some momentum with DSpace 7.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Interesting idea.  I read that as Communities/Collections/Items become more "similar"...any can include Bundles, and also can include other objects within them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady: understood. Yes, we could definitely use more help on Dspace 7.  And, in my mind, that is higher priority.  But, anyone not able/willing to chip in on DSpace 7 yet is encouraged to chip in on tickets and/or 6.3 planning ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'd agree that you time is better spent on DSpace 7, @terrywbrady, assuming you have time to give!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Thanks @tdonohue.  That is helpful guidance.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, that said, if you know something about one of these tickets "off the top of your head", definitely still take 5 mins to add in a comment to help others along.  Sometimes it feels like we have to find the right person who has the right knowledge or brainstorm to  kickstart a fix/PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, I see we are now up against the hour.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; A final reminder to get those OR2018 proposals (for talks, workshops, posters, etc) in before Monday (Jan 15)!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll go ahead and close up the meeting for today, and will talk again next week. For those interested in DSpace 7, we meet again tomorrow at 15UTC, this time in Zoom (and you'll see more reminders/notices about that going out today)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks all! Talk to you later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Have a good day!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* paulo_graca (c1882c4c@gateway/web/freenode/ip.193.136.44.76) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@dyelar.mrb.ku.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@dyelar.mrb.ku.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>