<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2010-09-22
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-235-49-191.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 20:32:05 UTC 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- [freenode-info] please register your nickname...don't forget to auto-identify! <a href="http://freenode.net/faq.shtml#nicksetup">http://freenode.net/faq.shtml#nicksetup</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~graham@62.189.56.2) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-235-49-191.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-235-49-191.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp136.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~graham@62.189.56.2) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5229fd08@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.253.8) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (5229fd08@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.253.8) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cccharles (~user@131.104.62.55) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all -- will be starting the DSpace Devel mtg in a few minutes.   Today's agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-09-22">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-09-22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hardy_pottinger (80ce8627@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.134.39) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cbeer (~chris_bee@198.147.175.203) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5229fd08@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.253.8) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; For those just arriving, here's today's agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-09-22">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-09-22</a>   We'll start off with some time reviewing JIRA issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's a list of recent issues (we'll be starting our review at DS-616): <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;&amp;pid=10020&amp;resolution=-1&amp;created%3Aprevious=-18w&amp;assigneeSelect=&amp;sorter/field=created&amp;sorter/order=ASC">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;&amp;pid=10020&amp;resolution=-1&amp;created%3Aprevious=-18w&amp;assigneeSelect=&amp;sorter/field=created&amp;sorter/order=ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Make it possible to guarantee config file values are filled thru the ConfigurationManager API : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-616">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-616</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Looks like 616 was discussed.  Needs more?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; whoops -- you are right mhwood.  My mistake :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we'll start with the next one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Recommended versions of prerequisites becoming outdated : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-618">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-618</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-618 is already "in progress" for 1.7.0 I know.  any other comments on it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; What criteria do we want to use in making recommendations?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; +1 Oracle Java 6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd say we obviously want to avoid recommending anything that is no longer supported</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; jk, I would say the latest should be part of our recommendations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, we need someone to do a quick review of all our recommendations, and make a suggestion (which we can then vote on or discuss)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Some distro.s *never* have the latest.  Testing takes time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I wasn't recommending we say the latest -- we just need to not be recommending outdated, obsolete versions of software</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Since I brought it up, I can write something up on the Jira ticket for discussion/voting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; assign DS-618 to mhwood  -- we will re-review once some suggestions are made</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt;  Item exports not deleted on deletion of eperson : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-619">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-619</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-217-116.sd.sd.cox.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-619 comes with a patch (that's always a good thing) -- any volunteers to test/review &amp; commit?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; ok, i will take it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; assign DS-619 to robint for testing/reviewing etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt;  Exceed maximum while uploading files got the user stuck should lead to a friendly error page  : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-620">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-620</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; The bad answer is that the admin will be the person uploading large bitstreams, and should know the limit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Why would the admin necessarily be involved, or even aware of nascent submissions?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; This should be fixed, I just don't know how at the moment.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yea -- might need more review from someone working with JSPUI -- not sure how easy or hard this is for JSPUI specifically</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; Unless you've set the limit stupidly small, users are more likely to get bored, or kicked off by a networking device, than ever see an error message</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; if its simple in that dspace internals does a check with a file that has come in and over the limit, then the resolution to this does seem too difficult, just displaying the check that java found in a friendly jsp view doesn't seem too bad</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any volunteers to look at this &amp; make a suggestion, or should we just leave DS-620 open &amp; unassigned for now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; s/does seem too difficult/doesn't seem too difficult/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; If thats the case, then I can do DS-620</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- Assign DS-620 to PeterDietz for review &amp; suggestions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Export cleanup : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-621">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-621</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmm.. DS-621 is related to DS-619 (though they aren't linked in JIRA right now)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; same issue basically..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thoughts?  Should we really be cleaning up exports via a cron job (thus making DS-619 obsolete before it's even committed)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Yes, I wish I hadn't volunteered earlier now, doh ! assign to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Oops, yes they seem related.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; 619 specifically cleans up when Eperson is removed, but 621 is the general - 'do we really want this stuff hanging around even when the eperson remans'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Right, but if we implement DS-621, we don't need DS-619, correct?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OTOH if 621 is done by cron then it can handle 619 as well?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint -- are you volunteering to implement DS-621 instead of DS-619? (just want to clarify)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; depends... the fix for 621 may depend on the eperson still existing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; why  not just cache the exports in the temp directory and let a steriotypical tmp cleanup manage them?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'll review qnd come back with a suggestion. oIs that ok ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; s/oIs/is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; don't we need to guarantee that the exports will be available for a certain period?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint -- sounds good to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs -- yes, but we probably should just let institutions decide on that period, and schedule their cron job appropriately</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mdiggory: Thats topical for me anyway as that is what Sword does.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- assign DS-621 to robint for review/suggestions.  This may or may not make DS-619 unnecessary</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; text direction in tepmplates : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-622">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-622</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Does Java language support not already handle that?  (Haven't dealt with it yet.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; text direction it something that should be theming driven in xmlui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; No idea -- never dealt with this either</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; meaning, its something you place in your html/css</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Why in the theme?  Sometimes a block of text combines RTL and LTR text, as in English quoting Arabic or v.v.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; right, but in that case its still html centric</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; it also modifies the site layout somewhat, as arabic/hebrew sites have the navigation all on the right hand side</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; why in the language file... its language and fragment specific</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I.E. if you create html descriptions that are in mixed languages, you'd encode the html with rtl and ltr attributes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, mdiggory, do you want to respond to this &amp; just close it immediately?  The suggestion from the reporter seems odd to me and it seems like you have a good idea of the alternative</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if the page in general were in arabic vs engish... then you would want to write that logic into the theming template so that when it detected that language, the proper direction was also added as an attribute to the html</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; is this a candidate to just close immediately?  thoughts?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I wouldn't close it...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; because directionality is important.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; heres the talk from the folk who did the original RTL work for persian language at OR09, if it heolps: <a href="http://smartech.gatech.edu/handle/1853/28464">http://smartech.gatech.edu/handle/1853/28464</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think we want to make certain that we support all scripts properly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i specifically remember they talked about phrases with both LTR and RTL</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd -- aha -- thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yea, but such phrases should be properly coded (in html) by the author.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm trying not to bite... but suppose I'm someone who knows about this stuff...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'll respond</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ok, i'm just thinking of common cases like title: "the title", where the field is displayed in RTL because the locale is persian, but "</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- DS-622 : mdiggory will respond.  Leave issue open &amp; add link to Persian Language talk from OR09</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; the title" is the english version of the title being viewed, or so on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (One last one) multi-calendar : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-623">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-623</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; very broad request -- support for all calendars?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@dhcp-18-111-13-229.dyn.mit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah.. actually, this was another thing the EIAH customised</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (persian calendar)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; A representative range of contemporary calendars, anyway.  I wish the ticket gave examples of where this is not happening.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aha -- is it in the same talk then kshepherd?  (you have a good memory!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It is.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep, the PDF covers it too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; URI:	<a href="http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/date">http://purl.org/dc/elements/1.1/date</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Label:	Date</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Definition:	A point or period of time associated with an event in the lifecycle of the resource.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Comment:	Date may be used to express temporal information at any level of granularity. Recommended best practice is to use an encoding scheme, such as the W3CDTF profile of ISO 8601 [W3CDTF].</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; References:	[W3CDTF] <a href="http://www.w3.org/TR/NOTE-datetime">http://www.w3.org/TR/NOTE-datetime</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- DS-623.  Send a similar response as DS-622.  Add link to OR09 talk which also covered persian calendar.  (volunteer to respond?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I remember helping someone in #dspace who had an institutional mandate to store items in roman, and in their local system, and items would be input in one or the other date system. And they wanted it all to be output in both roman and local time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; can't much deviate from that without examples</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; My idea to them was to store it all in the DB as roman, and convert in ingest, and on output</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- we'll stop there.  I can always paste in our comments to DS-623 &amp; send along that OR09 link</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; shall we move on to DSpace 1.7 updates?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; This is a good half way point. Any hot issues regarding 1.7?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithg (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (note: just 4 weeks till 1.7 feature freeze)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd needs to get a move-on with virtual sets/collections but is suffering a lack of time to do it in!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; So far 1.7 has been the time-driven features / fixes / etc. As far as arch cleanup, I don't have much input for that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I need to speak to Richard Jones about Sword Client stuff. Should have more to report next week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd -- you can always ask for help or see if anyone else can volunteer to take over</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; I'm patching our 1.6.0 instance to avoid the White-Screen issue.  I'm also following up on the actual Cocoon bug that is still open in the Cocoon JIRA to see if they'll actually cut a new version with that fix in it before we put out 1.7.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; mdiggory's patch for this issue in the JIRA ticket patches cocoon-servlet-services-impl but it's the 1.1.1 version and current DSpace uses 1.2 so I'm redoing that patch now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sandsfish -- glad you were finally able to track that one down!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; But I did have a question.  Didn't the patch to Cocoon end up causing other issues in the end?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think it uncovered a worse problem.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hey whats this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; speaking of patches to Cocoon... graham/anyone else: did you have contributions to submit re: the memory leaks and so on mentioned in the "tomcat reporting memory leak" dspace-tech thread?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i confess i'm not enough of an xmlui/cocoon expert to understand most of those problems</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sandsfish:  is this the one I published for us</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; yes, you named it 1.1.1-DS-SNAPSHOT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; i can dig up the link</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; <a href="http://maven.dspace.org/snapshot/org/dspace/cocoon/cocoon-servlet-service-impl/1.1.1-DS1-SNAPSHOT/">http://maven.dspace.org/snapshot/org/dspace/cocoon/cocoon-servlet-service-impl/1.1.1-DS1-SNAPSHOT/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, and I did this because the release 1.2 version completely breaks the cocoon bundle behavior</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; So #1, I want to make sure the patch is just synchronizing that LinkedList, and #2, what was the worse problem, if any.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; what I just said</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; (Also, in addition to this fix, I will patch DSpaceCocoonServletFilter in the same patch to report errors better.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; kshepherd: yes, I have some things to submit - but I also haven't yet completely 'cleaned' xmlui, so it might be that what's hidden is also in Cocoon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry bundle = block</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; hm, ok.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Using 1.2 Cocoon Blocks can not be used / deployed, which we utilize</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; it wasn't clear on the ticket if there were still other side-effects from this patching.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-253?page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-253?page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the formal release was here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://maven.dspace.org/release/org/dspace/dependencies/cocoon/dspace-cocoon-servlet-service-impl/">http://maven.dspace.org/release/org/dspace/dependencies/cocoon/dspace-cocoon-servlet-service-impl/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; ok, well if there are no other serious changes between 1.1.1 and 1.2, it would seem that it would be ok to use that regressed version.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory &amp; sandsfish -- is this something you two can work together on (it sounds like you both know part of the story and need to learn the other part?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; sounds like it.  will confer offline and maybe ask other questions if we need community input.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; can you point me to that 1.1.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; <a href="http://svn.apache.org/repos/asf/cocoon/tags/cocoon-servlet-service/cocoon-servlet-service-impl/cocoon-servlet-service-impl-1.1.0/">http://svn.apache.org/repos/asf/cocoon/tags/cocoon-servlet-service/cocoon-servlet-service-impl/cocoon-servlet-service-impl-1.1.0/</a>    (perhaps you incremented the last digit for your change)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, I did...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that happens in release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; Google Scholar functionality is being tested here at MIT, and we're adding some logic to select a representative PDF for the metadata (Google would rather not bother if they don't have a PDF to point to).  I will share with the community as soon as I can.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; which threw the numbering off</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; next should have been 1.0.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; FYI around 1.7.0 AIP work -- I'll be "tagging" a version of this code later this week for the DuraCloud Pilot.  So the AIP export/import will get some heavy testing from DuraCloud pilot partners in coming weeks (so it receives an "early testathon" in coming weeks)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; and i have a few other minor patches I found while digging for the white-screen, so i'll submit those in the next week.  that's all i've got for 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; jumping back to kshepherd's earlier comment: did we have any other thoughts re: memory leaks discussions on dspace-tech?  Anyone have time to try and help start tackle/analyze the issues (or even help us come up with a better testing solution)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Can we document a recommendation to place the JDBC and pooling JARs in the servlet container's common library (assuming it has one)?  That would be a cheap start.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I would love to see that tied into the database service</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If anyone has test data that'd also be appreciated -- I'd be willing to try and find time to help with this, but I have a complete lack of test data to work with (maybe we need to have a 'donate your data' request)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; i don't think i'll have time to do that type of testing before the freeze, but i'm trying to improve detection of database connection leaks, so i'll have a patch of DatabaseManager out too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; test data is not the issue - the problems that I've found and worked through can be determined without any data in the repository (in fact, that is the environment I've been using)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs -- well then, I'd ask for what your tests are that you're running -- so that we can all replicate them and investigate when we have the time :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; it's very simple - hook a profiler up to Tomcat, access the dspace application, stop the dspace application - do the classes unload.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (i.e. the more we all become aware of the issues, the quicker we can hopefully come to a resolution)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; if it doesn't (which it won't without a bit of care and attention), then you are leaking strong references, and that starts flagging up all sorts of potential issues.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.  well, we are unfortunately running short on time here.  One thing I wanted to get in quickly is that in coming weeks (hopefully even next week) I'm going to investigating migrating our DSpace JIRA to the central DuraSpace JIRA.  I'll send an email out at least a few days before I actually do the migration (just so you know when it may be temporarily down)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I think there is also a PR exercise here, and we need to be careful.  We need to turn this effort into a positive thing, not a "dspace doesn't scale - go elsewhere' message.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; "DSpace pursuing improved scalability"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis -- yea makes perfect sense.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; We've been harmed by that message in the past - and we don't want to go down that route again.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Could we move it off of tech and onto devel to start?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; was the last scale route when stuartlewis was throwing prunes at a server?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sure -- feel free to do so -- I think we've just continued discussion on tech cause that's where it started</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it'd probably make sense to move to devel anyways, as we really need to start sharing more specific tech notes so that we can start to narrow down the issues (and what is causing them)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I would argue it's not even a scalability issue - there are some fundamental questions of 'does it even work' at stake here. And scalability works in both directions too - you can design an architecture that will scale to millions of items (with enough hardware thrown at it), but it's footprint and requirements will probably make it impossible for anyone just starting out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah, i found the tone of the thread very negative too, and with no solutions being openly offered, i think it infers "dspace is broken. stay on 1.4 or find a new product"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; stuartlewis: I agree but I also think we need to be careful that we dont just sweep it under the carpet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; nobody wants to sweep it under the carpet, just try and frame it more constructively so that we're actually trying to fix/improve the software instead of telling people not to use it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, there were solutions for some of the leaks.  And every leak plugged keeps the system up a bit longer.  Now we can chase down the other leaks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; kshepherd: well, potential can of worms labelling anything broken... but, if it was broken, we aren't going to have any solutions unless we accept that it's broken.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm all for switching to a more positive tone/discussion :)  (and if my response seemed a negative tone I apologize. didn't mean it that way. I was just pointing out why sometimes things don't end up happening right away in our DSpace world, and that we really need to find some dedicated volunteers to work towards resolutions to these issues.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; tdonohue: No - your response was spot on (as always!).  It was responses from some other parties that were negative. (no one here!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; grahamtriggs: yeah, agreed.. maybe i'm not explaining myself well...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think there are a couple of volunteers already working on it, no?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- I'm not sure there are actual developer volunteers?  Although obviously grahamtriggs has been looking into many of the issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; One thing that sites need to understand is that, with the new testing framework and new reporting, we are going to be discovering "broken" things all over which were formerly more obscure, so lots of bugs will turn up in a short time.  That means we know what to fix, not that quality has declined.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Perhaps we need to be proactive, and invite the interested parties to form a working group to look at this specifically?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood +1 (agreed!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yes, mhwood++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis -- good idea, and maybe that could be the reason behind moving the thread to 'dspace-devel' (and inviting folks to take part there in more detailed discussions)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; If we form a scalability working group (and say that it is for those users such as BMC and Cambridge who specially run large and complex installations) then we put the emphasis on those people to tackle the problems specific to them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So we're being proactive, positive, and it tells good stories (we have big complex users, we facilitate them to discuss their unique set of problems etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hmmm.  It *looks* like scalability but what it really is is correctness.  (I think someone already said that.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea -- only one big question -- in order for that group to actually "happen", we probably need someone to volunteer to lead it or at least help them to semi-organize themselves :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yes - but the correcteness only shows itself when pushed at scale.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; So the problem is that memory leaks, and this can be proven by unclean start/stop of tomcat with dspace deployed. This is due to us having lots of code, or that the introduction of backported code contributed to memory issues?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We need attention to scalability anyway, and if the WG wants to include "hours before it falls over" then so be it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Lots of correct code will not cause leaks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I would be concerned that setting up a seperate group appears to give the rest of us a pass to develop without concern for these issues.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hardy_pottinger&gt; I'm not "an actual developer" :-) but am interested in helping, as we're looking at running multiple instances in a single container, and have to do the proactive reboot every night; would love an excuse to dig into the testing aspect more</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hi hardy_pottinger -- glad you could join us (and thanks for your comments in the thread).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; hardy_pottinger: That would be great - one of our biggest problems is lack of data, and lack of profiling information.  You'd be a great source of that source of info if you're willing to work with us on that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hardy_pottinger&gt; happy to help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; PeterDietz: it doesn't entirely prove there are no memory leaks (you can still leak heap memory during operation, even with clean app start/stop), but unclean applications point to leaked data, which also hints potential cross-request, cross-session and even cross-application contamination</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well, I can put out a call to try and "organize" (even informally) around this issue.  But, I agree with robint that this shouldn't give us all a "free pass".  Mostly, we need someone(s) to get a better grasp on the issues here and bring back analysis/explanation that we can all work to resolve</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Based on experience around the docs, probably a direct contact with the interested parties would be more effective than a generic call.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; (no one ever volunteers to open calls :(  )</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; true true true.  I just don't have the time to end up "leading" this right now (unfortunately, though I am interested) :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; grahamtriggs: Interested in becoming our 'performance and scalability czar', and leading a group around that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; We're migrating to xmlui at the end of the year, and my biggest worry about that, due to our size, and amount of traffic, is that we could stall out. Is there a main place to look at for improvements? dspace-api / dspace-xmlui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Things like memory leaks tend to crop up here and there all over, before becoming troublesome enough to prompt a bug-hunt to squash them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; stuartlewis: do I get some official robes with that? And a staff. (I mean the kind I can whack round people's heads when I need to)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I think some of the testing that Graham has undertaken needs to become standard practice for all of us.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; PeterDietz: along those lines, perhaps a page on the wiki to collect tuning / performance tips would be a good documentation move.  There are plenty of things I think sites do individually based on their instance(s) that could be good advice, but that would be maybe too specific for the official docs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; For instance, we've been playing with our Postgres config + max_connections in dspace.cfg recently.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sorry, but I have to go.  'bye all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Once some major development is commited its too late in the process to be identifying significant performance problems.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint +1 -- yea, I'd like to see some example process(es) get documented to the Wiki -- so, that at the very least we can follow them during testathons</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; "Scalability Tips" or somesuch.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sandsfish -- good idea, feel free to start up a page and start sharing (and we can direct others towards it to add their own hints/tips) :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep, sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sandsfish -- fyi there is some rather old, possibly very outdated content here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/SystemAdministrators">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/SystemAdministrators</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Got to go. Pity, good conversation:)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; tdonohue: ok, will do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (5229fd08@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.253.8) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'd like some documentation refresh. Toss in best practices, tips, tricks, features in development, articles on projects in motion at your institution that maybe don't/won't get kicked back into the main dspace due to them being too local of interest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it sounds like we still need to find more "highly motivated parties" to help tackle this (and someone to lead it, unless graham is interested?) -- seems like so far we have grahamtriggs, hardy_pottinger, possibly PeterDietz (since they are worried if it will affect them soon), and obviously Tom De Mulder (from email thread).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; PeterDietz: yeah, i had a go at doing some of that around xmlui theming/templating a while back (a "cookbook" on teh wiki), but eventaully ran out of time and enthusiasm :/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; tdonohue: i'll lend a hand in testing if i can, but i've got a lot to get in for 1.7 and this white screen of death to prevent immediately in production, so i maybe good for little to none.  but, you know, i'll try.  :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* achelous_ (~tom@216.160.210.8) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; re: tips documenting. With confluence we get commenting, so hopefully non-publicly-active-repository-admins will kick in their two cents as well. I feel myself constantly referencing a personal blog post, or an old dspace-tech thread, when it should be more in line with community documentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sandsfish -- understandable!  we all have a lot going on (and I also want to lend a hand, but don't have immediate time to do so)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ok, Assign all community feedback + performance tweaks to jtrimble</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha :)  jtrimble is going to show up at your home and/or workplace PeterDietz (he's not that far from you geographically, do you really want to get him mad at you?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hardy_pottinger&gt; I was actually thinking, you might get more performance tips if you frame it in a question to the dspace-tech list... wikis are great, but they can present a bit of a barrier to information (one more step, pressure to make it look right, etc.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; hardy_pottinger:  perhaps querying the lists and shuttling that information over to the wiki page will net the information and get it out there for those searching for it in the future.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; gtg all.  cheers!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Since discussion is slowing down, here's what we could try.  (1) I'll send a call (with targeted message to our 'highly motivated parties') for volunteers to help, (2) we'll try and keep things active and encourage everyone to share what they have found or are experiencing, so that we can try to find more interested parties and common issues out there   (Thoughts on whether to continue this on a new thread on dspace-tech, or move t</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-235-49-191.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I wonder if the Global Outreach crew might be of assistance to help figure out what users will find especially valuable in the docs. (HowTo's, ...)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@dhcp-18-111-13-229.dyn.mit.edu) Quit (Quit: sandsfish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- you are welcome to ask them -- it's possible you could find someone interested  (I can also try to  send a note to Val to see what she thinks)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- I think most everyone else has gone off to do their work.  I'll stick around here a bit, just in case discussion starts back up.  Thanks for sticking through a much longer than normal mtg -- discussion was great so I didn't want to stop it :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hardy_pottinger&gt; PeterDietz: I actually have on my todo list to send a note out to the dspace-tech list to ask people to show and tell their Apache mod_proxy (those that use it) and Tomcat context configs, What we have works, but I'm willing to bet it could be a lot better.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hardy_pottinger -- sounds like a great idea.  Whatever you discover would be worth capturing on the wiki as a future reference for "best practices around using mod_proxy"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hardy_pottinger needs to figure out how to make the wiki go</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd is gone now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithg (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hardy_pottinger it shouldn't be too hard for you :)  You just need to click the "Signup" link in the top right to create a login, and then create/update content.  If need be though any of us can always paste your mod_proxy discoveries into a new wiki page for future reference.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hardy_pottinger&gt; todonohue: already signed up, have new content gathered and ready to go (RHEL install instructions update)... will try to get to it by the end of the week, will send note out to dspace-tech earlier</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-235-49-191.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hardy_pottinger -- sounds great.  any additions/updates you can make are welcome!   :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hardy_pottinger (80ce8627@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.134.39) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: grahamtriggs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: stuartlewis)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* achelous_ (~tom@216.160.210.8) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>