<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2010-05-12
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: stuartlewis)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@fedcommsrv1.nsdlib.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 16:32:05 EDT 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega (~pvillega@86.47.50.67) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega (~pvillega@86.47.50.67) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega_ (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Davetaz (~dt302@2001:630:d0:f111:230:48ff:fe72:7d08) Quit (Read error: Operation timed out)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Davetaz (~dt302@2001:630:d0:f111:230:48ff:fe72:7d08) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega_ (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega__ (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega (~pvillega@86.47.50.67) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega__ (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) Quit (Ping timeout: 248 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:40]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega (~pvillega@86.47.50.67) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* carynn (~cneiswen@c726.staff.lib.uci.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint_ (~52292565@gateway/web/freenode/x-eadcnsknpfuhzjrm) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all -- about to get started with the DSpace Dev Mtg here.  Here's the agenda: <a href="http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-05-12">http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-05-12</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; For those who are committers, I need to get a headcount for who will be able to attend the face-to-face committers mtg in Madrid (before OR10) on July 5.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (headcount is necessary cause they may be providing us with lunch or tapas)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@dhcp-18-111-30-22.dyn.mit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, either respond here, or send me an email if you *will* be able to attend OR10 and our committers mtg there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; PeterDietz, will be there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: I will be there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint_ (~52292565@gateway/web/freenode/x-eadcnsknpfuhzjrm) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; excellent.  thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd, do you have any 1.6.1 updates for us today?  Looks like we are getting close!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint_ (~52292565@gateway/web/freenode/x-zkkqtjbsxictjoau) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (hmm...seems as if kshepherd is not available right now)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'll likely be posting more bugs to solr Null Pointer Exception errors.. Nothing severe, mostly just QA stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; reminder, 1.6.1 Code Freeze is Friday (May 14) -- any fixes not in by then will have to wait</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- yea, I saw you mentioned that in #dspace.  Those basic NPE fixes would be great to get in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Does anyone have thoughts on how to organize testing 1.6.1 next week?  We do have <a href="http://demo.dspace.org">http://demo.dspace.org</a> if we wanted to do some centralized testing (and even advertise that community members can help out).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithg (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@64.50.88.162.ptr.us.xo.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ah crap, wouldn't you  know it -- I link to demo.dspace.org and find out it's down ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hi keithg, mdiggory:  agenda here: <a href="http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-05-12">http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-05-12</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (we're on 1.6.1 discussion)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I see that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm not sure how logistics would work, but I was kind of thinking having demo.dspace.org would be a useful source of "sample data", so that developers working on a feature can say this fixes this, and to test it, pull the latest sample data off of demo, and test against that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; so if pulling DB/log/assetstore dumps were easy, a developer could load that in their system. I currently test against a snapshot of my institutions production</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I just worry about people sticking in passwords in the accounts</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmmm... demo.dspace.org is not really currently setup to allow you to pull down DB/log/assetstore -- though, as committers, I am willing to give you server-level access</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hi all, sorry i'm late</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; What I'd like to see is a hudson instance with a working directory exposed in the build plan.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (reminds me -- I owe mdiggory server level access, as he requested -- send me an email if others want access to demo.dspace.org server)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: Did I respond to you to get access?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- yea, you did -- it's just sitting in my inbox</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; K, I leave a lot sitting in drafts and always forget if I sent things or not...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hi kshepherd -- did you have any other 1.6.1 updates for us?  we were discussing some testing strategies, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; 1.6.1 Update: just 17 open issues with 1.6.1 as fix version right now, a few of those due to be pushed back, a few patches still to be submitted, and mostly documentation issues that Jeff is looking at this week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i think we're looking pretty good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; mdiggory, Gmail + labs multiple inboxes + is:draft .. Solved my did I leave that in draft problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I do have a question per the new issue I created <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-577">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-577</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- go ahead on DS-577</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This is a modification of the dependencies for cocoon and a change of in the Servlet used in XMLUI... I've tested it locally with success.  The point of the fix is to get cocoon blocks working properly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; which do not work properly in 1.6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but my question concerns issues with the outputstreams in XMLUI not closing properly... I have no way of testing that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; That occured back with  <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-253">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-253</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; What I've basically done is implement Larry's patch to Cocoon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So, if we apply this... do we have anyone willing/capable of testing it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; what sort of testing are you looking for exactly?  still not sure i'm 100% clear on this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; load testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh...I see.  so, pointing JMeter or something at it could do the trick, perhaps?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hmm. perhaps Flavio Botelho culd fire up his jmeter test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, may be even able to replicate on demo or locally... true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory goes off to his workshop...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithg&gt; if someone will share a jmeter script, i can run it from here as well simultaneously</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithg&gt; big network, and all of the students are gone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- have you tested this DS-577 in a production scenario already?  it might be good to do even some basic jmeter tests prior to releasing in 1.6.1 (if that'd be possible) -- just wondering if this could cause other problems somewhere</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'll test this before commiting, then maybe we can add it to the test-a-thon agenda for next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, sounds good (that answered my question)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other comments/questions on 1.6.1?  Are we happy with just doing testing on our own and on demo.dspace.org?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Just a pile if tickets I need to go through by Fri....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i think that will be fine.. the list of changes isn't so long, I plan to just systematically test them all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds like a plan, then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'm reopening DS-579 since it looks like it needs committing to trunk, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i didn't even notice it until i saw the changelog email.. kinda got snuck in there :P</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- next agenda item, as committers are aware, I wrote up a "Guidelines for Committing" <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/Guidelines+for+Committing">http://wiki.dspace.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/Guidelines+for+Committing</a>    I didn't get much response/feedback on these</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ok, pass that back at Ben.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good, kshepherd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithg&gt; +1 on guidelines - but i wanted to note that I think I've "lost" issues before by using inappropriate version numbers in the JIRA tickets</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: do you think we're OK for timing on the issues assigned to you?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, I'm pushing a couple out to 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: oh, also, i made a user on that hosted fisheye/crucible service.. <a href="http://fisheye3.atlassian.com/user/kshepherd">http://fisheye3.atlassian.com/user/kshepherd</a> -- it's mapped my username to my dspace committer username, but do i need to be associated with the dspace project as well?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Guidelines look good to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; keithg: fix versions or "affects" versions?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah i liked the guidelines last time, and i still like them ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithg&gt; I think I was confused about what the "fix versions" meant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kshepherd: arn't you?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- that's good...glad to hear the guidelines sound good -- if any has comments/changes/disagrees, please let me know.  Otherwise, we'll let these stand as our current best practices</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; do you mean in jira or fisheye/crucible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: "You aren't part of any projects" is what it tells me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; can't you add yourself to the dspace project there?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; in fisheye/crucible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i haven't actually tried a mock code review yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; seems to require an admin to add me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue is pausing for a moment to let kshepherd &amp; mdiggory catch up ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; sorry</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it's alright -- no problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; keithg's touched on a good point.. should we write up some more specific "JIRA Best Practices" as well, to go along with these guidelines?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that sounds like a good idea.  Any volunteers to take that on?  (doesn't need to be this or next week, obviously, as I know everyone is busy with 1.6.1)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithg&gt; might be a good idea as more committers with varying levels of experience come on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; indeed..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; I will volunteer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cool :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks robint_!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; The idiots guide :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithg&gt; thank you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithg&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; robint_: btw, i just saw your email about jira lifecycle</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Great minds think alike</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok...are we ready to move on to "Docs to Confluence" discussion? :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (not trying to stop this discussion -- but just noticing we only have ~20mins left)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithg&gt; would the confluence docs replace the pdf manual that comes with the release?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not much to discuss... one last round of docbook... then port them one last time to confluence and remove those sources.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; pdf manual would be generated from confluence and included in the release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithg&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; keithg:  yes, there's a sample PDF generation at the top of mdiggory's Confluence test: <a href="http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSTEST/Home">http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSTEST/Home</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; all the extranious formats / sources would be removed fromt he svn source tree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- I wasn't sure if we ever made a final decision (i.e. vote) on officially moving all docs to Confluence as of 1.7.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, true, then I'm just proposing the "above" as a strategy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I also wanted to open up this idea to any other questions -- essentially, mdiggory &amp; jtrimble have been working on this ongoing for a while -- they both seem in favor (as am I) -- but, I wanted to get thoughts/comments/questions from everyone else</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; See as target examples, what we are heading towards.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/FCR30/Fedora+Repository+3.3+Documentation">http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/FCR30/Fedora+Repository+3.3+Documentation</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; more info on our agenda: <a href="http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-05-12">http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-05-12</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; this is actually very cool - we will be able to actually search the web version and find the content pertinent to a particular question!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; carynn -- exactly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithg&gt; I think this will simplify  adding documentation for new features</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; another benefit is this puts less weight on Jeff Trimble as the "docu guru" -- more people could edit the docs directly, and jeff can just act as an editor</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; so, will anyone with a confluence account be able to add content?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; do we have a workflow for review yet?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd has to go soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sad to see DocBook go...I've tried all sorts of gooey text editors over the years and hated every one.  Text+GUI just don't seem to go together.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; carynn: its a closed group, not all confluence users</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; carynn -- no, the current plan is that only "trusted individuals" will be able to edit the official documentation area</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "trusted individuals" = committers + anyone else we trust in the community to not add spam ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but, suggest allowing "comments" from all confluence users</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; got it - and i'm assuming there will be some documentation about how to join the trusted group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; mdiggory: +1, particularly if the comments are vetted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; carynn: I will pass you the secret handshake at our first regional code4lib meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; carynn -- yea, that's something we'll still have to work out -- what the real workflow is to get into that group, and how others could even help jtrimble with editing, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; mdiggory: sounds like a plan :-D</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hey, I've done a little doc editing too.  "No [coding] job is finished until the paperwork is done."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood:  understand your sadness about DocBook -- but, I think Confluence is just going to be easier for us all (and Jeff especially)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I was hoping for a reviewer workflow plugin for confluence... there are a few to look at... but that may be overkill</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory, I think that's overkill right now -- we probably just want the editors to "watch" the official docs for changes (and be notified via RSS or Email, as is in out-of-the-box Confluence)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Its important to recognize that we are trying to reduce the effort needed to get from "Wiki" to "Manual"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep..agreed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; And if a user can create their own wiki pages in the DSpace wiki space, once they pass through an editorial review, they can just be move directly into the documentation confluence space</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; retaining all their history</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep -- exactly -- it does make it easier to move docs from the DSpace Wiki to the official docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other thoughts/questions/agenda items?  We're running short on time here -- and yet again, JIRA reviews are falling by the wayside :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The vision I have is that this will provide not just a better place to do official documentation, but allow a means to cleanup the old wiki space as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint_&gt; Got to go. Cheers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@dhcp-18-111-30-22.dyn.mit.edu) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- all is quiet.  I guess we can wrap things up here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, official meeting is closed -- looking forward to 1.6.1!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@dhcp-18-111-30-22.dyn.mit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers: fyi -- I just closed the mtg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers_ (~richardro@dhcp-18-111-30-22.dyn.mit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@dhcp-18-111-30-22.dyn.mit.edu) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers_ is now known as richardrodgers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; seems like jira reviews need their own special timeslot instead of being "Other Business" in the main meetings :/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@dhcp-18-111-30-22.dyn.mit.edu) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd -- yea, I've been thinking about that as well -- either that, or we need a new JIRA workflow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; for instance, just found out recently that Fedora folks have a custom JIRA step *before* "Open" -- It's called "Received", and it just means it's in the system but no one has reviewed it yet: <a href="http://fedora-commons.org/jira/browse/FCREPO">http://fedora-commons.org/jira/browse/FCREPO</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i've been concentrating on "fix for 1.6.1" issues that i haven't been keeping up with the very latest unassigned issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; makes perfect sense -- as you should be</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hmm.. 'received' sounds like a good idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; and then to have someone "on call" for the week who's job it is to do initial review of new tickets that week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; exactly -- either that, or any of us can do an "initial review", and move them to "open" if they are deemed worthy -- then meetings could be reserved more for reviewing *patches* instead of just open issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (or, actually removing patches when they need a group of eyes on them)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; one of the good things about reviewing during a developers' meeting is that you get feedback/votes from people who might otherwise have not even bothered to review issue 'x'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; g/removing/reviewing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but that's a good point.. we can review patches in meetings, not issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; true -- we'd be giving up having "lots of eyes" on the issues -- but it seems like it's either  figure out a better JIRA workflow, or  try to schedule a separate JIRA review meeting (which could be difficult based on everyone's schedules).  We never seem to have a "small agenda day", and our hour goes by too quick</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (if anyone has any ideas, I'm all ears -- obviously we don't want these JIRA issues to just keep piling up)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; if we can work on jira workflow by adding received step, perhaps mailing regular 'new issues' updates to dspace-devel and dspace-tech, etc., that might help get more people interested in helping to review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; which might also lead to more committers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd will be half-here for a bit longer until a conference call, running for coffee now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Something like a weekly summary of new issues to dspace-tech would be appropriate I say</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:18]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* keithg (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) Quit (Quit: keithg)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmm...makes me wonder if Jira has that as an option -- does sound like it could be a good idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint_ (~52292565@gateway/web/freenode/x-zkkqtjbsxictjoau) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* carynn (~cneiswen@c726.staff.lib.uci.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@64.50.88.162.ptr.us.xo.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>