<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2010-02-10
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-lindbohm.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-lindbohm.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-lindbohm.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-lindbohm.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@fedcommsrv1.nsdlib.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 16:32:05 EDT 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~trig01@80.169.130.178) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~trig01@80.169.130.178) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithg (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all...the DSpace developers meeting will start here shortly....we'll kick off with 1.6 release schedule updates, and a Jira review... if anyone has anything else to add, feel free</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  I'll kick things off with 1.6 release schedule updates, since stuartlewis is out of town this week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Essentially, the latest is the 1.6.0 RC2 has been "cut"...I'm now just waiting for the external Maven Repository to pick up the release...once that happens, I'll send out an announcement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-173-76-16-252.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next week, Stuart &amp; I have set up a second Testathon for 1.6 RC2.  Assuming all goes well, we hope to release 1.6.0 final on or about March 1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That's basically all the big updates for 1.6.  Any questions / comments?   (And, a huge thanks to everyone for helping us get 1.6.0 RC2 out the door!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; definitely good news.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yay!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yes thanks to the 1.6 team</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep, nice one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue applauds all of you! :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Looking forward to our meetings opening up to new topics and activities</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, we are now a bit "freed" up in terms of our meetings since 1.6 is nearly "out the door"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Do we have a place to list special topic meeting ideas?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; is that with the irc logs page?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It's off the main page of the Wiki:  <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Special_Topics">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Special_Topics</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If you just have a topic to bring up, I'd encourage posting a brief mention to this page: <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Special_Topics">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Special_Topics</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; However, if you have more fully thought out proposal, we have a place for that as well: <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Proposals">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Proposals</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; speaking of which I just added a release proposal there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As I mentioned last week, I'd like to encourage everyone to especially be thinking about how we can improve our Release Process or Cycle.  There's already one proposal for some changes, and I know of others coming soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks richardrodgers!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I know stuartlewis is also working on some ideas for changing the release process, based on what he learned during his time as 1.6 Release Coordinator</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, there will be several suggestions forthcoming, and I'd like to have a Special Topics meeting specifically around Release Processes sometime in the near future (though because of dev8D/code4lib that likely means sometime in March)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there any thoughts/suggestions/comments on any of this?  Does this seem like a good process to all of you?  I'm essentially wanting to get all these ideas out on the table so we can begin to move forward with one or more that we can agree upon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jtrimble (~jtrimble@maag127.maag.ysu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; well, I'd like to see us be selecting from a list of special topics in this or future meetings and attempting to schedule them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I haven't yet looked over specific proposals, but the structure seems reasonable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: agreed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; rather than making it a "big process" just make it part of the meeting process, like JIRA stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; maybe we can have someone moderate each special topic / proposal for a few minutes of feedback to get a measure on interest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That sounds like a good idea, mdiggory.  It would ensure we all have our eyes on these topics/proposals.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; that reminds me of Google Moderator / Uservoice again..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (to get an indication of interest before the meeting happens)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I suspect we will be contending with Test-a-thon issues the rest of this month... and scheduling the first special topics meeting on the first wed of march?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue thinks mdiggory is reading my mind</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I was just about to type that I'd like to propose having an initial special topics meeting concentrating on our Release Process that first Weds of March...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it may not be the *only* meeting, as some of these proposals would require some non-techical, repo manager support....but, it would provide us time to review each and give some initial comments, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Until that time, I'd encourage everyone to try and gather your thoughts, read over the two proposals already up on this page (<a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Proposals),">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Proposals),</a> and also feel free to add your own proposal/brainstorms to the wiki as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yea, its either "buzz" or your music library channel on last.fm that now has us psychically aligned</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; What is the difference between a proposal and a special topic?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; other than the obvious effort the author put into producing the proposal</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In my mind --  special topic is just : "we need to discuss this topic".   Proposal is "I've got an idea I think may be worth considering"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, you'll notice the Special Topics page is all questions: <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Special_Topics">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Special_Topics</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Whereas, the Proposals page is proposed solutions or ideas: <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Proposals">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Proposals</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That was my thinking...but, if this doesn't make sense to others, let me know! :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Q&amp;A ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep. exactly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  Unless there are any other questions about this, I'd like to move on to a Jira review (which we haven't done now for a month---eek!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; gulp...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's the list of issues: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;&amp;pid=10020&amp;resolution=-1&amp;created%3Aprevious=-6w&amp;status=1&amp;assigneeSelect=&amp;sorter/field=created&amp;sorter/order=ASC">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;&amp;pid=10020&amp;resolution=-1&amp;created%3Aprevious=-6w&amp;status=1&amp;assigneeSelect=&amp;sorter/field=created&amp;sorter/order=ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The last issue we reviewed was DS-454</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we'd be starting with DS-456....ready? (i'll go ahead and post up the issues)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Create easy upgrade scripts (e.g. 'dspace  upgrade 1.6 1.7'), likely in Java : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-456">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-456</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; One for the Proposals page :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ponders how this releates to System /Health / Check proposal someone made awhile back</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; was that tansely?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; at DSUG?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmmm...checking...I made a similar system check proposal that I think is also in Jira somewhere</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, how *does* it relate?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; relates in that it would be good to measure the state of the system prior to running upgrades...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; IE don't try to make a new db table if it already exists etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ah.  Upgrade runs health check and bails on any issues.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm taking too long to find it...I'll set this one aside and link off the Proposals page, and find that relating system check issue.  I agree these are interrelated and should be linked up somehow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; also think about the way folks like scottatm develop addons like Vireo...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; where they write the utilities to create the db tables into the codebase</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, we have good Java modularity, but now we need to look at other aspects.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we probably should just table this for now...  I agree there's a lot involved....  moving on...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; hi... I read my name mentioned?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I totally agree, important to configuration, databases etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-457">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-457</a>  "When a Workflow group is updated, existing Tasks still have the same set of Epersons authorized to take task."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; oh... what was the project that just lets you do it in XML?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I was chatting about verio's creating tables etc in the codebase...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; as a mechanism we might want to consider for managing db upgrading etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; 457 looks like a feature request more than a bug</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: Elliot is using that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The underlying problem is that access is granted by value, not by reference.  IIRC there are a number of places where people complain that old permissions have "stuck" to things when they should track changes in roles and permissions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep.  I agree with both mhwood and richardrodgers on DS-457 - looks like a new feature request, as a lot of things behave this way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's not a bug; it's a misfeature. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; good point...where is that setting in Jira (kidding) :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mdiggory: <a href="http://www.liquibase.org/">http://www.liquibase.org/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Seriously, it was designed one way, and it works properly that way, but people seem to want it to work another way.  "Improvement request"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-459">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-459</a> : OAI PMH is not delivering continuation  tokens</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this seems a critical issue to harvesting...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; It needs confirmation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I thought this was fixed???</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; although it looks like stuartlewis tested and couldn't verify in 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; from other institutions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Needs wider testing to confirm fixed in 1.6?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; can we ping stuart on this later?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, will mark DS-459 as needs more testing/verification (maybe during Testathon!)-- may be resolved</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, this would be a good testathon activity</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-462">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-462</a> : Rend attribute in XREF does not display</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; things like this should just get commited IMO... bt a patch would be more approrpriate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; needs a volunteer to look at</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; give it to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, assign DS-462 to mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-463">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-463</a> :  Collection administrator help page not linked in some places</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-463 is a bigger issue.  we need improved and updated help docs in general (i've had side conversations with jtrimble about this)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; so mark post 1.6?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, would be nice if there was a patch already, but can release without this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, it doesn't sound serious enough to me, and no patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, we can mark post 1.6 for now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-464">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-464</a> : Item type based submission</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Good idea, but too late to integrate into an RC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Agree.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, definitely too late for 1.6, but sounds like a great idea for later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; even if it's not in trunk, could it be up in SVN somewhere?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (is it already?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it isn't yet, though it could be added to /sandbox/ area....volunteers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think we want to look at Item Tpye based submission as a review project, looking at multiple solutions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; because we have seen multiple requests and activities to create it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Sure, I was going to work with Robin on this - as mdiggory says, with multiple options</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds great, I'll assign DS-464 to richardrodgers then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; these next two DS-465 and DS-466 are sandbox projects (which I'm working on)...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I would like to see an opportunity to really get the requirements identified before any one solution is selected.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mdiggory: which are you referring to?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yeah, it sounds like a feature that various people will imagine differently.  We need to surround as many imaginations as is practical.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; and it could/should be linked to file driven submission - identification of which leads to different (pre-filled where possible) forms</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; type based submission</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Ah ok - What I have in mind is an abstraction that takes any factor and maps to an input</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; type-based submission is probably the most common request from my admins since i started my job...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; factor = type, collection, eperson, complex function of above, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; phase of the moon :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Not trying to get into the technical discussion here, just that it would be good to have the discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well, based on all this, maybe type-based submission could be a nice new feature for 1.7 :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is that a Special Topic or a Proposal?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; it's a special topic that might result in a few different proposals?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood:  9.9</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'll post a proposal to start, how's that  :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd has got it.   it's a topic, and we need to investigate on how to implement :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, sounds good richardrodgers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; topic "Item Based Submission".... Proposals = possible solutions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; topic should have some details about the problem domain.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; proposals should present solutions to problem domain</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks mdiggory...that's a good explaination</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; feel free to copy/paste without attribution ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; *ahem*... I suggest "Content Driven Submission"... it has more scope, and is technically a bit more accurate (you can argue all submissions are already item based!!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In essence of time, I'm going to skip DS-465 and DS-466 -- these are sandbox projects to bring the old MIT AIP work back up to date....I'd appreciate input or help from anyone who is interested, but we don't have enough time to go into the details here :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Per 465 / 466 : I'm also wondering about RichardR's pluggable assestorage solution... when are we going to get that in?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; good question, mdiggory.  Depends.. how ready is it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; We should add that as a topic - Fedora Akubra work relevant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We used it on a project... seems to work just fine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, would not like seeing that left behind, if only to disentangle the SRB stuff a bit.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; fairly simple changes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers : can you add that as a topic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and link to other relevant stuff)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: will do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; Could there be implications around DuraCloud?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, I think this all has implications around DuraCloud</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jtrimble (~jtrimble@maag127.maag.ysu.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; indeed - that's why I raised to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; likewise</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; to -&gt; it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; currently, Fedora folks are working on an Akubra -&gt; DuraCloud plugin...if we plugged into Akubra better, that would also plug us into DuraCloud through there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In addition, DS-466 is specifically geared towards an early way to plugin to DuraCloud...it essentially just exports AIPs for Community/Collections/Items that could then be "backed up" to the cloud or anywhere else</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; big +10000 on Akubra</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; communities / collections - that's going to have implications with the work I'm doing in metadata-prototype</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: whats that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue realizes we are over time.  let's stop there on Jira issues...feel free to logoff if you need...or continue if you want</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; extending the metadata (value) table, so that it can be applied to any DSpaceObject, not just Items. Primarily, so that Communities and Collections can have all their data driven off metadata entries.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs: it'd be helpful for you to write up what you are doing with your prototype (even in a Jira issue)... the more public we can all be about our prototypes, the easier it will be to work through overlaps :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ah, thats where we were heading with 2.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; It's good for having an extensible way of describing a collection - although I need it now for having data about collections and communities in multiple languages</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I recall there was someone at OR09 who had a need for that too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; (Clearly many sites would use it.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; yes, although 2.0 was also breaking down the distinction of communities and collections away from concrete java objects and allowing an extensible hierarchy. I don't need to go that far yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; by doing the simple extension of metadatavalue to resource_id / resource_type_id linking, we get some side benefits beyond my requirements... like metadata directly on bitstreams</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood thinks Bundle is a special case of that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Another excellent "Special Topic + Proposal"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; definitely.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; have to run  - thanks all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-173-76-16-252.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This also brings back up the point of these various prototypes/modules and how we can perhaps better support/promote them using the current infrastructure (Jira, SVN, etc.).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sorry, I need to go too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, in case it wasn't clear, official meeting is closed.  we are just in unofficial chat mode now :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithg (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:55]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:55]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: grahamtriggs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has left #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>