<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2010-02-03
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@fedcommsrv1.nsdlib.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 16:32:05 EDT 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* vhollister (~440e1e7e@gateway/web/freenode/x-jjgjdgbwdlwlglyr) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@64.50.88.162.ptr.us.xo.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithg (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jtrimble (~jtrimble@maag127.maag.ysu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* carynn (~80c8e115@gateway/web/freenode/x-ismqbhcjuupjsbfs) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hi all, we'll be starting our DSpace Dev Meeting here in a few minutes.  I sent a general agenda out to dspace-devel listserv: <a href="https://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?thread_name=4B69AE6B.9060407%40duraspace.org&amp;forum_name=dspace-devel">https://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?thread_name=4B69AE6B.9060407%40duraspace.org&amp;forum_name=dspace-devel</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, looks like we're at top of the hour.  stuartlewis: would you like to start us off with an update on the 1.6 release status?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Remaining issues are here:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?mode=hide&amp;requestId=10042">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?mode=hide&amp;requestId=10042</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-173-76-16-252.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 5 of these 9 are documentation issues and are in the process of being taken care of.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; link doesn't work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;pid=10020&amp;status=1&amp;fixfor=10020">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;pid=10020&amp;status=1&amp;fixfor=10020</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; (Ah - probably because it is a saved search I have in JIRA)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I think that's the link Stuart meant)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Can we have a quick update on the other 4 issues?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jtrimble&gt; Yes, and after Tim and Stuart quit beating me with the rod, I will finished today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jtrimble&gt; JUST KIDDING</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; First one: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-336">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-336</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; :) no worries jtrimble</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mdiggory: Is that just docs, so can be ignored for RC2?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, I think so</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; What about <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-247">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-247</a>  Same for that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jtrimble&gt; Avada Kedavra to the jira docs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; re DS-418: Went from being a big jspui i18n fixup to a tiny tiny patch to ItemTag. I want to commit it (in addition to Stuart's patch), but so far only tested by me and one other user. Claudia's going to test when she has time, but the sooner some folks can test and vote on that patch the better I guess.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think maybe we should put somthing in place to review the release versions for services prior to a final release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - DS-418: next</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-418">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-418</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Is everyone happy if Kim commits this patch?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; only two remaining minor issues: i think session locale should revert to browser locale upon logout (rather than persisting eperson/UI locale), and browser caching is still a bit annoying when testing i18n changes :P</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1 commit patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt;  +1 I'd say commit it, and we can have some concentrated testing after 1.6RC2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 1) What is required to fix that? Invalidate the session again (so ignore my patch?) and 2) Anything easy that can be done?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; stuartlewis: it's an issue that won't impact people 99% of the time, so i think leave for 1.7 and we'll probably be thinking hard about wider session invalidation issues before that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Then finally we have <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-440">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-440</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mdiggory: Can you give us an update about that one?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think that we can take one of two directions with this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cccharles (~user@131.104.62.47) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 1.) improve the spider detection on a number of fronts before release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 2.) accept the population tool that stuart wrote and push those improvements to happen after release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; imho, reverting to browser locale on log out is irrelevant - the same person could well continue using the repository, and expect it to remain in the same language.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; grahamtriggs: ok. that makes that easy then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: it's sounding like your #1 is a nice to have, but I worry how much it'd delay things?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'm used to thinking about people in labs or on other public computers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mdiggory: Are there any performance issues using the script I wrote with its 1/4 million or so IP addresses?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; what would be more pressing is extending support to auto-login capabilities... ie. someone remaining 'logged in' beyond the lifetime of a single server session... where they would expect to keep the same locale</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* stuartlewis must confess to not testing the spiders.txt file. I test its population, but didn't see how it affected the solr stats.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue confesses to the same...I don't have enough data in my Solr to see if a 1.6MB spiders.txt file causes a big slowdown</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mdiggory: How is the spiders.txt file used?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Is it used to stop spider entries being put INTO the solr indexes, or is it used to filter them when getting results OUT of the solr indexes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry... need a minute...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeh.. it's an interesting point -- my own stats system keeps all the crawls and just filters them out in the queries. initially i thought i might want some crawling stats, you see, but.. they've not been useful and just caused lots of table bloat basically</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; on the other hand, only stopping the entries being indexed makes it harder to retroactively remove a spider you've just discovered</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; One obvious way to condense the file and probably speed matching would be to extend the format to take masked addresses:  a.b.c.d/n or a.b.c.d/e.f.g.h</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I'm not too concerned which method it uses, just want to make sure there is no performance impact.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mhwood: yep</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mhwood: Doesn't need to be that complicated - I think just network classes would be enough (x.y / x.y.z) as that is how the iplists.com do it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; looking at code, it looks like SolrLogger.getIgnoreSpiders() creates a query using each line of spiders.txt....that's going to be a monster query if there's 129,000 IPs listed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; tdonohue: That was my worry.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/dspace-stats/src/main/java/org/dspace/statistics/SolrLogger.java">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/dspace-stats/src/main/java/org/dspace/statistics/SolrLogger.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (see bottom of file, the last method: getIgnoreSpiders())</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Could a cron job be created to nightly remove spider entries from the index?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, sorry, I'm back</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; stuartlewis: there's a problem with the 'partial' addresses used in iplists</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The best-known spiders also advertise themselves in the agent string, and exclusion code often looks for those strings as one of several filters.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; proper netblocks would be much better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; otherwise a line like "64.68.91" will match IPs like "164.68.91.2"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; well, that's easily fixed.. not a good example</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; there would be a twofold approach to managing this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but.. etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 1.) newly found bots that retrieved the robots.txt would be authomatically excluded</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 2.) user added bots would be added to the exclusions list.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 3.) A prune script would be authord that removed bots from the Solr repo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, so based on that, the proper usage of spiders.txt is just for manual exclusions list?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - so spiders.txt is for manually added IPs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we would want multiple spider lists</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; How easy is it to get 1) and 3) going in the next 48 hours?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; one for manual additions, others for the download script</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I'm not convinced (1) will work. It may be that only 1 of googles thousands of crawlers will download robots.txt, and the rest will then obey it. That method would only stop the bot that requested robots.txt, and not all the others.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Can't we use user-agent as a quick and dirty fix?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We beed to add Agent Header filtering</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; beed = need</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; (the dspace.log -&gt; solr convertor uses this, and instantly wipes out 70-80% of all item views)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not quicka nd dirty / we need multiple approaches</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we need that code to be centralized and reusable in teh UI as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Heh, we need RFC3514 extended to also define the Bad Bot Bit.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; But I think due to time restraints we need to choose 1 that will give us 80% success, and then work on the others later?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; could we get away with a "good enough" version....(1) user agent filtering, (2) manual spider exclusion list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I tend to agree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The original bug was just to put *something* in the file when it ships.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: the problem is this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the size of the list is not scalable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; it cannot be placed into the solr QueryFilter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; as the QueryFilter has limitations on the length of the query</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So what can usefully be put in the file for RC2?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The real underlying change is that bot exclusion need to be proactive, not after the fact</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; or do we just doc how to add to it maunally?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: I'm still confused on what the code currenlty does.  Does it ONLY exclude based on what is listed in spiders.txt, or does it do anything else?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I need to allocate some time here to solve it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mdiggory: Any chance of that happening before the end of the week, as we'd planned to release RC2 by Friday.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The code currently appends the spider bot list to the statistics graph generation query</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; By "proactive", you mean keeping bot accesses out of the data, not straining them out of search results later?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the Solr repo holds all the spider bot reads as well as real user reads</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: thanks...i understand a bit better now how it's just using spiders.txt</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We can break this up into smaller parts and put some in rc2 and the other in next iteration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mdiggory: Hopefully there will be no more iterations before 1.6 final is released, so this is out last chance to try and do the best we can for 1.6.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; understandable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: any time to devote this week on your end?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I could help...I know Solr, but I need to dig into this specific code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; We're aiming for a mid-to-late Feb release, pending no nasties jumping out of RC2.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Can we agree on an initial tactic (e.g. user agent filtering from a config file) and look at how we get that implemented quickly?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 I think user agent filtering would be nice to try to implement quickly...and leave anything else for after 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1 user agent filtering, ditto rest for post 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think we can approach these projects individually as long as we agree on a couple important convergence points</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 1.) User Agent Filtering that Stuart created in his log processor need to be callable from UI code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 2.) We need to rewrite the SpiderDectector to use multiple files (configure which is "manual")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 3.) Rewite the Spider list downloader to put each list ina separate file</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The downloader is the only piece which has to know which file(s) are "manual".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 4.) Adjust SolrLogger to not log events that come from bots to Solr</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: true enough</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 1.) My code actually used reverse lookups on the domain names as dspace.log doesn't hold user-agent. This tactic would be too slow anyway for solr, so stick with user-agent.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 5.) The CLI app to prune the Solr repo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; But we want to have a list of User Agents, same as spider IP's</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I'd be happy to release 1.6 with just (1), so I think that needs to be priority. Any volunteers to tackle it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so we have something to compare against that can be updated manually of via download when neccessary</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: correct, we need a configurable list of User Agents...but that's not what stuart's code does</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm willing to invest some time in the others prior to the rc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you want to cut the RC on friday?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stuartlewis: 1.) My code actually used reverse lookups on the domain names as dspace.log doesn't hold user-agent. This tactic would be too slow anyway for solr, so stick with user-agent.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; If possible, Friday would be good.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; how do you get a User Agent header from a RDNS?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; You don't, but the hostname of the machine gives it away.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; if ((dns.endsWith(".googlebot.com.")) ||</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt;                     (dns.endsWith(".crawl.yahoo.net.")) ||</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt;                     (dns.endsWith(".search.msn.com.")))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think that if you configure it tomcat is does this RDNS lookup</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So, any volunteers to look at excluding hits from entering solr based on a user-agent exclusion list?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mdiggory: But since user-agent is passed anyway, why bother?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I said I would invest some time in it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stuartlewis: quite true ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I can help look into it, if Mark needs help.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Ok - thanks Mark &amp; Tim.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Are we wanting something by Friday on the User Agent stuff?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; If possible?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'll probably only have this evening / tomorrow evening to look at it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; do we want to advertise RC2 for testing purposes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Ok - we'll re-evalaute the situation on Friday then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Theres already UA detection code in both the JSPUI and XMLUI that Larry aded</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; richardrodgers: Yes - we'll be doing that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: if you can give me some "hints" based on your analysis this evening/tomorrow, I might be able to help along quickly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'll be online, lets bounce it around in the ticket.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers:  yes, we'll need to advertise RC2.  But, I think as we still don't have a "set in stone" date, we're forced to wait to send out a message</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: sounds good...i'll be online as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; One final patch I'd like to put in 1.6: I'm worried that the session invalidation code we put in to tighten up security is possibly going to break some authN methods such as shibboleth. Would anyone have a problem if I therefore made it dspace.cfg option, defaulting to invalidate, but with the option to turn that off?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Anyone unhappy with me doing that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis: not quite sure...don't understand full context -- but seems like reasonable logic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; no - could always be removed if unneeded</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Ok - thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds okay.  We can take it out later if not needed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I think that is the 1.6 update completed. Thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stuartlewis: I agree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. sounds good :)  Next agenda item was Google Summer of Code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm assuming we all want to do this again this year?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm worried about the session recreation stuff.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="http://groups.google.com/group/google-summer-of-code-discuss">http://groups.google.com/group/google-summer-of-code-discuss</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I was trying to find time to start planning, I'm excited to see you beating me to it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we still have a while to decide...but we have March 8-12th is application procedure for organizations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yes - we should do GSoC again - but make sure we run it tied in to a 1.7 (or other) release so that we actually see the benefit of some of the work in a release. I think I'm right in saying that to date, over the past 4 years, no GSoC code has ever made it into a release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; my recommendation start working on this now. Last year we were behind on everything</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i don't mean to sound cynical, but how much GSoC work actually gets used by the dspace community?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd:  I think stuartlewis is right...none of it has been used...but I think the results have sometimes been informative</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I use it and if we can get tot he point where we are properly modularizing, they would be better taken advantage of</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and it's unfortunate that none has ever been used)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I think we need to define our scope for 1.7, and assign GSoC projects base don that. Not *all* need to do that - some can be speculative work, but it would be nice to see some payback from GSoC into DSpace for the effort the mentors put in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its not that none has ever been used, its that the expectaion in the "maintence" group here is that everything that is contributed to dspace should be shoe horned intot he codebase under trunk or it has no value</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that is a wrong perspective</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Agree, but we haven't had anywhere else to put it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: i agree...that's why I said the work has been "informative"...it's not worthless by any means</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we have a perfectly good "modules" and "sandbox" for the projects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The problem with whats happened last year and in the past is one of "follow through"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good for developing, but where is the "1.6 tested add-ons" ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its actually the mentors faults that the code did not continue on and get into the trunk or modules where appropriate (myself included)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thats why its critical that the code go into the SCM</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.  well it sounds like we all agree that GSOC would be good.  we just need to organize/scope better this year?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; tdonohue: Yes - agreed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, and I'd like to suggest that with now being Duraspace, we might consider inviting the Fedora folks to participate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and open up the scope a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1 if they want to join the party.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; sure, its really a matter of interested mentors from their side</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; tdonohue: Are you the best person to be org admin this year as you are in the middle of it all, or would prefer to find a volunteer?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: good thought...I can ask that of the fedora folks...but we do need their involvement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we couldn't include them with out it ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd prefer a volunteer on GSOC (if anyone is willing), though I'm here for support in helping branch with Fedora (if that works out)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As I'll admit I've *never* been a mentor, it may not be best for me to lead it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; What we need is an Admin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; vhollister: Any ideas of a suitable candidate?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; she's offline I believe...she had to head out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; what do you need out of an Admin, maybe I don't quite understand?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Admin is responsible for organizing the schedule and meeting activities, also with mediation and getting the invoices/travel recipts for GSoC Mentors summit to Michele etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  makes sense then (this is all new to me) :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Mentors last year we not proactively involved with the GSoC Mentors community, unless we can aleviate that, then the work falls ont eh Admins shoulder</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we could make more "roles" and distribute that workload</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd be willing to share in those Admin functions.  But, as I don't have the background as some of you, you may have better ways to keep GSOC moving (and not stagnating)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I'm willing to try and pester and keep things moving along :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So.  If anyone else is interested in helping with some of the organizational aspects, I'd appreciate it.  We'll leave it at that for now.  We still have some time before we even apply for GSOC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Final topic: if you read my email , you saw my note about a "call for proposals" around improving our release process/timeline, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; TBH, I've been doing most of this work since Rob left, and based on what I've seen at the Mentors summit, I think I need a break, someone with time to invest into talking a lot with students and mentors would be appropriate.  They need to be keeping the gears properly greased"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not wanting to "open up a can of worms" right now, but I just wanted to get everyone thinking about it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I didn't see it yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jtrimble (~jtrimble@maag127.maag.ysu.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: thanks for letting me know</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?thread_name=4B69AE6B.9060407%40duraspace.org&amp;forum_name=dspace-devel">https://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?thread_name=4B69AE6B.9060407%40duraspace.org&amp;forum_name=dspace-devel</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; see #4 in this list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; essentially, I've created a new Wiki page for any proposals anyone may want to bring up (so we can begin bringing ideas more out in the open, etc): <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Proposals">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Proposals</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; shorter cycles, more releases. +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The first type of thing I'd really love feedback on is our Release Process, the general release procedures, cycle length, etc.  So, if anyone has any proposals, I'd love it if you wrote something up or just send me an email</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; asynchronous releases, more modules with separate release cycles</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The way to include input from repo managers, I think, is to sit in on their discussions and have them sit in on ours.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* stuartlewis isn't sure the community is ready for asynchronous releases.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its unclear to me how to sit in on "their" discussions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; You'll also notice that Val &amp; I wrote up an initial proposal on including repo managers: <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/ReleaseAdvisoryTeamProposal">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/ReleaseAdvisoryTeamProposal</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This is just a brainstorm by Val &amp; I, and we'd love feedback, response, likes/dislikes, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yeah, as yet there's no "their" there.  When there's a forum, we need to follow it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; my concern is that too much structure in the process will reduce forward inovation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Too much structure and we bog down.  Not enough and we quickly build things no one uses.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, in general, I guess, if there are any ideas that have been in the back of your mind that you'd like to voice or suggestion -- now is a great time to write up a small bulleted list, or paragraph, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; stuartlewis: I tend to agree - it's a nice bit of idealism in gaining development momentum / involving more developers, but big question mark over if people maintaining an installation wants lots of little things going on, or synchronized releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; That is why modularizing development is also important. If something is built that no one uses, then it just doesn't get used.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I'll also note that quite a few modular environments only really got their act together through synchronizing release schedules - most notably Eclipse</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Better to listen to what people say they would like to use, and not build stuff no one wants.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; being modular, if it doesn't get used, it isn't in the way of those modules that are used</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok...I really did mean to leave it at that.  I didn't want to start up too much discussion/argument right now (though if you have time, feel free).  I just wanted to get everyone thinking about things :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: people will build what they want</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we do, our clients do, you do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, with that...I'd like to suggest we close the meeting.  But again, I encourage you all to add proposals, comment on the ones that are there, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, seconded.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and let me know if anyone has questions)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok...meeting closed :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; thanks all, bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-173-76-16-252.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cheers folks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: I'm not sure I would say Eclipse "got its act together" ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mdiggory: neither would I really, but it's definitely a lot closer to staging a performance with it's annual releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There is, anyway, something to be said for gathering up all the modules and putting them through a release cycle together.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* carynn (~80c8e115@gateway/web/freenode/x-ismqbhcjuupjsbfs) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I never argued against that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; True.  There's also something to be said for releasing the modules as they become ready, for those who want to use them before they've gone through system test.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; :q</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; err</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; There are lots of things that could be said to be useful for different reasons. But if you asked me to guess the community's view, I would put them in the "so what modules / versions work together then?" camp</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithg (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Some will want a nice virtually-boxed version that is all tested together.  Some will want a particular module as quickly as it can be stabilized and be willing to work with the maintainers on any rough edges.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, we provide both types of support to our clients.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So I think this argues for a hybrid strategy:  modules release when they are believed ready, but from time to time we put the whole package through a release process as a unit.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; a slightly different twist is the Ubuntu release schedule...every few releases is "LTS" Long Term Support, highly tested/stable release....the others still work, but are more for people who want the latest features before they make it into the next LTS release.   (not the same as completely modular releases, but a similar concept which allows "early adopters" to get to features before they may be considered fully tested)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The thing is:  a Linux distro is 99% selected releases of components from elsewhere.  That may not be the best model for DSpace, which is mostly itself.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; All the work we currently try to contribute back to DSpace is assessed for modularity and placed into the codebase accordingly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; dspace-services is a module, work on improving it should be done under the release cycle for it. Which may or may not align with dspace trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; That is why I brought it up in the meeting.  However, I answered my own question</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: not saying it is...just pointing out a different way of "packaging up" specific versions of modules and saying: "these seem semi-stable together -- so early adopters may be interested in these latest versions", and then later "repackaging" and going through the full release process</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; becuase I release dspace-services 2.0.0 prior to our cutting the first release candidate for 1.6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; since there are no "bug fixes" for it, we are still targenting that version for the 1.6.0 release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if there were work done in the next year to address bugs or new features in dspace-services, and we release those in interim or official release builds, your repository is more than welcome to experiment with utilizing them by bumping up the version number</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; without having to fester over merging source code and recompiling something you may not even comprehend</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: but the key to that is 'bumping up the version number'.  99% won't want to do that cause they may not be as "supported" as out-of-the-box</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry, my experience is that clients want things "fixed, working and supported" by us, not necessarily the community at large... thus the stability issue is a localized phenomena.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; extrapolating that back to my experiences at MIT, and it still holds true.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea...but even there you were at one of the rare institutions that had a committer on staff :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; of the 700 institutions using DSpace, only a handful have committers :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and you'd probably be surprised that not much more seem to have even dedicated programmers for their IR -- or at least, not that I've heard...that's more hersay)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: that's certainly true for .nz at least</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; If you need to customize DSpace, you have three choices.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 1.) hire a company, 2.) hire a person, 3.) do it yourself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; All I am saying is that the local work always comes first, unless there is some mandate to have it returned to the community</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this happens because of funding.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; for development</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea..I understand your points.  My counterpoint is that, although modular releases are nice for us (us being the committers), the majority of the DSpace institutions probably won't care and won't really use them.  This isn't to say I'd be against module releases...I just don't think that's a big selling point for most of our DSpace community</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I wonder if the crowd sourcing translations idea might be suitable for a GSoC project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; PeterDietz: nice idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; It will be when the modules provide features not seen in the trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It goes beyond "won't care" and all the way to "will it break if I drop out-of-sync bits into it?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; such as facetted search and discovery.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or usage statistics</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or CAS Authentication,</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or Authority Control Plugins</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or SRW?U</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: even with nice cool features like that, most the community won't have the staff or funding to be an "early adopter" -- they'll likely wait till it's fully supported in the next release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think mhwood is also right that people fear "falling out of sync"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; tdonohue, some features may *never* be bundled in the next release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm also wondering about using some tool like Google Moderator to capture IR manager's / developer's / user's ideas and then to have them vote them up and down</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz:  I actually had never seen that (google moderator)...interesting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; PeterDietz: mm.. the lack of 'vote against' is the only thing stopping JIRA from serving that purpose, imho</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Some modules will be core DSpace; some will be add-ons forever.  Some may be adopted into the core eventually.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think we have clearly shown that if you release a module for DSpace and support it properly, there will be a demand for it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Actually, my objective is always that the core be "reduced" mhwood, that there is difference between "supported" and "packaged" into the release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mhwood: Linux distro isn't the greatest example of modular releases. Anything that needs to be loaded by the kernel results in lots of tight coupling and upgrade issues on minor revisions (ie. VM software)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think we need a little more discussion of how we think modularity will be used.  But for now I'm expected at home.  Sorry to always be rushing off....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i'll admit, I'm being a bit of the "devil's advocate" here.  I don't disagree about modularity and addons.  I'm just trying to make sure we are keeping in mind that we (the committers/developers) may want ansynchronous module releases more than others in the community (at least until it's very easy to add/swap modules in an Admin UI, similar to WordPress, etc.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mdiggory: I see that as limited perspective though. Yes, people will desire interesting new functionality. And so you start with one, and can say - well, it works with these versions of DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; But then you have more and more modules, and then you aren't saying I want module X... you are saying I want module A,C,E,F,G... and they all have to work together in the same system</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; if the releases are falling out of sync with each other, the likelihood of you building a stable system that contains all the modules that you want decreases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I don't disagree. But that is not what we have at this time,  if A,B are hardcoded in the core and C is incompatible B then you cannot have A,C,E,F,G</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; that's what happened with Eclipse... at one point, it was virtually impossible to build even a barely working IDE with the features you wanted, due to version incompatibilities across the modules</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I'm still not a fan of Eclipse, but at least you stand half a chance of having an IDE that will actually start with the annual releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:32]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue thinks that's exactly why he gave up on Eclipse and switched to NetBeans</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree with modularizing, and not hardcoding as much into the "core".  But, I think we still need to be able to provide a stable, "out-of-the-box" application (which could just be a well-tested set of modules) that we can concentrate support on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* vhollister (~440e1e7e@gateway/web/freenode/x-jjgjdgbwdlwlglyr) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: stuartlewis)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@64.50.88.162.ptr.us.xo.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>