<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2010-01-13
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (n=PircBot@fedcommsrv1.nsdlib.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 16:32:05 EDT 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:09]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-christel- [Global Notice] Hi all, We are now in the final stages of preparing the change over from hyperion to ircd-seven, we would encourage users and projects to read <a href="http://announce.freenode.net">http://announce.freenode.net</a> and familiarise yourselves with upcoming migration plans, we also suggest making sure that your bots and scripts work with the new ircd. Thank you and have a good day!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (i=mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Dan_Davis (i=43f11873@gateway/web/freenode/x-dthallrylogveqgi) Quit ("Page closed")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (n=tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (n=tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (n=tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue1 (n=tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (n=tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Nick collision from services.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue1 is now known as tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (n=PeterDie@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* barmintor (i=barminto@specdl11.cul.columbia.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (n=grahamtr@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cccharles (n=user@lib-d085.cfs.uoguelph.ca) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, the DSpace Developers meeting will start here in a few minutes.  Main agenda items: 1.6 update, JIRA review, infrastructure changes (wiki migration).  If anyone has other items, feel free to post them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, all.  Time to get started.  Shall we start with 1.6 updates, stuartlewis?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (n=richardr@pool-173-76-16-252.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; It would be good to get agreement on the log4j changes: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-460">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-460</a> and ... (looking for it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; DS-455</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Is everyone OK if we make these changes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; (get rid of log4j.xml, and change the logging method to Graham's date-based logger?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; DS-460 has 10 votes, and no one has raised any issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Shall we quick vote on each, just to make formal?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (n=chatzill@87.18.224.250) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; DS-460 - change to daily logging method</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-460 Summary: +4 (and the +10 on site) - Sounds like it can be committed, unless there are any other comments (send comments to Stuart)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-455">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-455</a> Remove dspace/config/log4j.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; 0 thought doc could address confusion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm unsure on this one...I'd rather have docs around it, and have it as an option</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (since I think some folks use the log4j.xml -- looking at mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; problem is that having causes users confusion on which is being used</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; But out the box it is confusing having it there, and we're unsure of how Java treats the precedence.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not really... at least anymore</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; There is nothing stopping users putting it back if they want. An ant update won't remove it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; dspace.cfg / ConfigurationManager define precidence</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If we keep the .xml then it needs some small updates to keep up with .properties, and there are several other log4j.* files that want XML versions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; updates OK - why do all have to be alike?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; xml version and properties version provide same capabilities.  we should just standardize on one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hmmm, strictly speaking isn't it log4j's OptionConverter.selectAndConfigure() that defines precedence?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; more work to port all logs to xml version</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, sounds like majority are +1 on this...do we want to vote officially :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Not if you hardcode the intialization the way we do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Probably should.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1 to remove log4j.xml, and document that it can be used if desired.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The code I see just passes log.init.config to selectAndConfigure, and that looks at the tail of the string to decide what to do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; wait do you mean remove the file or the handling of it if present?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The file, I thought.  Handling looks good.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thats right... our code still decides which is designated though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Remove log4j.xml from svn</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, i'll vote +1...i'm swayed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I don't see where our code sees both and picks one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; leave the handling, just remove the file... maybe put a copy on the wiki or something</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-455 Summary: +4 in favor</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: log.init.config</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - are there any other 1.6 issues that people want to raise / discuss?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd like a quick vote on <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-399">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-399</a> - See my last comment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Is everyone  ok if this is committed? If anyone else can test it, that would be good. It has had a good working-over by Peter Dietz who throw 3 years of logs at it: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-364">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-364</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I've got a patch, but I want other eyes on my decision</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm unsure about the other cases.... I assume that they load quite differently</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* caryn (i=80c8e115@gateway/web/freenode/x-qqgxbbwgqtlouvgp) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK... DS-399</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Vote on <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-399">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-399</a> - Special Chars in collection license lead to parse error</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (again, see last comment on my decisions -- patch is very small overall)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1 if tested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Sounds OK to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 (it's tested on my end...just needs more testing)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-399 Summary:  +3  (any other comments, suggestions, send to Tim -- I'll leave open for another day or so)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, did you want to review DS-364 again, stuartlewis?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yes please</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; s everyone  ok if this is committed? If anyone else can test it, that would be good. It has had a good working-over by Peter Dietz who throw 3 years of logs at it: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-364">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-364</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Does anyone have access to some "real" dspace.log data?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; as its new code... I say commit it so it is easier to test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; It allows dspace.log files to add old events to the solr stats, or in the event of losing your solr stats, they can be rebuilt from dspace.log files</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Peter Dietz has attached a log file to the JIRA issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We also need to test loading solr from it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Peter loaded 3 years of logs into it, several GB of data, and he says it performed fine.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; no objection - we use different stats so can't comment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Ok - will commit it to allow further testing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I have no objection to committing it for further test, like mdiggory suggests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stuartlewis: its using dspace.log or httpd access logs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; dspace.log</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds very necessary for existing sites.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I also have a few updates from Jeffrey Trimble to send along, re: 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Jeff: My goal is to have all my JIRA tickets closed on Sunday.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Jeff: The UI help screens.  Next week I will start to code/recode some of the HTML screens and commit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; them to the trunk.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Other updates?  I notice we still have 29 open issues: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS/fixforversion/10020">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS/fixforversion/10020</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Cool - maybe we should recruit some proof-reader volunteers soon?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I would say DS-364 in its final form worked correctly for all my data</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers: definitely.  I'd like to see if we can get non-techies to help as well -- especially on help screen stuff or similar user level docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; DS-364:  folks are going to ask, "how long does it take?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Is everyone still Ok with us aiming to get all the outstanding issues closed by next week's meeting (pending documentation updates) so we can look at cutting an RC2?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; perhaps as part of the new migration of documents activity after the release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; OK with me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Looks like mdiggory has 10? mdiggory?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mhwood: Its pretty quick, but of course depends on your amount of data. If you have the default 500*1mb files, it'll probably only take 15 mins.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; DS-364 depends on the input, my 12GB or so took ~3 days of Core2Duo crunching (convert + import)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; working through them and updating accordingly, I want to get these off my plate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory, do you need help in completing, or are we still on target for next week?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the Stats Logger stuff will need documentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; need to devid everything first by development vs documentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I have to go in 5 mins. Is there anything I'm needed for before I go?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis: no...unless you have any other updates to throw out here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Don't think so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Just one thing...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; It looks like we might be having one of the DSpace webinars on the 17th Feb, about 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Could we aim for that as a launch date, so we can formally launch it during the webinar?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; (pending any ugly bugs in rc2!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis:  yes, that sounds like a good goal to me...others?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Aspirationally, sure - I was going to mention ugly bugs as well ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-405">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-405</a> and <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-421">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-421</a> are identical and can be closed. This functionality was removed in the version placed in 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory - feel free to close if they are out of date or already fixed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and, as for the Feb 17 goal - yes, definitely assuming we don't hit ugly bugs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Great - thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Bye.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other 1.6 Updates anyone wants to throw out here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis: bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; most of this stuff just relates to documenting services and stats, the others may need to be pushed off if simple fixes are not available.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-239">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-239</a> and <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-253">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-253</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; these two are longstanding problems with Cocoon that can seem to be cleared.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; can = can't</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory:  but, it looks like DS-253 has a patch or fix? (based on comments)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ATM, Cocoon 2.2 Blocks do not work in DSpace 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; are there any workarounds?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the problem is that the fixes that were applied broke other functionality</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; namely "blocks"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I thought we regarded this as serious enough to warrant a separate release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the tradeoff was critical</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; for 1.5.3?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yep</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (digging through the comments of DS-253)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I was stalling with Hope that the Cocoon community would find a solution, but that appears not to be the case</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think the Cocoon dev.s have forgotten that 2.x ever existed....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory:  well, is there any workaround for now in DSpace, to avoid this...seems like a rather annoying bug</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm tempted to suggest that we release our own patched cocoon module based on something Larry had commented on in the ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I.E. fix the request bug, leave off the changes to blocks that is breaking them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it sounds reasonable...can you add some comments in there for now about your thoughts?  I'm worried about timelines with 1.6.0 -- maybe this will need to be a 1.6.1 (unless others disagree)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hmmm, would that include the fix for the 404 on statics?  It's not possible to register for Google Analytics if they can't provoke a proper 404.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: which issue is this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; likewise, I'm not sure how long it will take to patch/repackage the module given what I've seen in the cocoon 2.2 build process.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mhwood: Google Webmaster, not Analytics!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd is late sorry</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: nevermind.  just noticed the 404 comments in DS-253 -- that is problematic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory:  could we put DS-253 on agenda for next week?  Will you be around to discuss options, etc?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-253 definitely sounds like something to get all our heads around and have a larger discussion, if possible (either via IRC or email)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sure... perhaps a few of us can do a little review prior tot he meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; tdonohue: DS-2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory:  that'd be good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: but DS-2 is closed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; note... per 404's <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-2">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-2</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; it was an svn commit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; You're right, it's closed, but IIRC something else changed in 1.5.2 and it came back.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok...we might want to reopen DS-2 then, or a new issue describing latest problems</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is that it for 1.6 updates?  I'd like to squeeze in some discussion about the upcoming Wiki Migration work to get all your thoughts...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (n=mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: wrt the general-list, sorry I'm waiting on central IT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'll bug them so you can move plans forward</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; RE: Wiki Migration, DuraSpace has proposed migrating the DSpace Wiki from MediaWiki to Confluence.  Confluence provides us with more features, will also allowing the Wiki to move into the same "infrastructure" as the DuraSpace/Fedora Wiki -- so, easier to manage longer term, hopefully</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Does anyone have any objections to this proposal?  The proposal is to test a wiki content migration in the next few weeks, and potentially migrate at end of Jan/Feb (assuming all goes well, and there are no major objections)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory__ (n=mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory__&gt; network problems...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory__:  was just discussing reasons behind Wiki migration to Confluence and asking for thoughts/objections (if anyone has any)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Wiki move proposed timeline is to do testing for next few weeks, and potentially migrate at end of Jan, early Feb</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; more features = enables more community involvement?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; If you feel there is a management win, why not?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I suppose it's time -- I haven't found any MoinMoin-&gt;Wikimedia damage to fix for a while. :-/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory__&gt; excellent... it will be exciting to see</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; caryn: yes, we're hoping more community involvement.  Confluence allows for WSIWYG editing (like Word), so no need to understand Wiki syntax = potential for more involvement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; caryn: depends -- sometimes more features = less involvement, more perplexity</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yes, Valorie is also working with DSpace Community Outreach Group to get non-techies involved with the migration process, to help find problems, fix them, etc.  So, I'm hoping it won't all fall to Committers to help out with final fixes, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; if there's a mgmt win, then it's definitely worth the effort. some of these migrations can become very complicated very fast - the potential benefits are good though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory__&gt; tdonohue: hoping to see clearer workflow for taking wiki content and migrating it into documentation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory__: agreed.  That's another topic to for later, after the wiki migration is finalized.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory__&gt; so, it certainly is a community process that will be a big win</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, well, if anyone else has other comments on Wiki migration, let me know.  There will obviously be more announcements, and I'll send updates out to dspace-devel going forward.  I do hope this will be a mgmt win for all of us -- though I know no migration is perfect</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory__&gt; I think we will find there is a lot of cruft int eh wiki and this is an opportunity to get it cleaned up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The other thing to note is that I'm working (with richardrodgers / MIT) to migrate the dspace-general listserv over to SourceForge, along with all other listservs.  This is again a mgmt win.  It looks like it should be a smooth process, but it hasn't been scheduled yet (and obviously will be announced well before it is scheduled)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; nice</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If only SF's list archive UI wasn't such a botch.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory__&gt; yes, another good idea, will this mean a consolidation of the tech and general lists, or something else?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood:  yea, that is still a problem, but at least the committers will be able to better block spammers from dspace-general (as we do on dspace-tech, dspace-devel, etc.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I still think having a low-traffic list is a good idea for non-techies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory__: essentially, it's just a *move* of dspace-general.  That list will still exist, but it wiill now reside at SourceForge alongside dspace-tech, dspaace-devel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; for announcements, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and that move will also mean the archives of dspace-general will move over to SourceForge as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; richardrogers: agreed!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers: agreed as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory__&gt; perhaps then it should be renamed such? for clarity and to centralize enduser conversation on one list instead of two</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It does make sense to have them all in the same place.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory__:  I'd worry about renaming at this point...I think most folks know it as 'dspace-general', and I was thinking to keep that name.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Not to mention, not breaking lots of procmail/maildrop rules etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, it would just be dspace-general@lists.sourceforge.net   rather than dspace-general@mit.edu</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory__&gt; tdonohue: now is probably the only opportunity you will have to rename it, afterward, thers not much reason to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory_ (n=mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Read error: 110 (Connection timed out))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; richardrodgers: hmmm... not convinced about a low-traffic list. Or rather, if we need an announcement list, why not have specifically an announcement list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; grahamtriggs: that's close to what general is - if you look at the membership lists, you will see quite a distinct audience...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Read error: 110 (Connection timed out))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory__:  I'll bring it up with Michele, Brad and Valorie at DuraSpace to see what they'd think as well.  It's worth a thought, just not sure if it'd cause more problems than its worth to rename</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory__ is now known as mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue:  or more specifically, what I mean is that renaming alone would be significant enough change not to warrant the disruption or confusion it would create fro users</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; certainly fewer now that your transitioning it for another reason that is valid</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Doesn't the page where one learns of the existence of dspace-general explain what it's for?  (And what the others are for?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yea, i think it does</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; it is useful to have a list that's not titled "tech" or "dev" - mostly from a newbies standpoint (it can be intimidating)...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; caryn: yes, agreed.  I don't think we'd want to get rid of it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Agreed that, if we want to change the localpart, the time to do it is when the hostname is also changing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; richardrodgers: So why not make it specifically an announcement only list? It might actually get more subscribers if they know it's announcements only and no discussions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; just fyi - here's the landing page for the current general list: <a href="http://mailman.mit.edu/mailman/listinfo/dspace-general">http://mailman.mit.edu/mailman/listinfo/dspace-general</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs: sometimes higher level discussions actually do happen on dspace-general. It's not frequent (mostly announcements), but I recall it happening in the past</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I know I've had this conversation before...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Where, then, do users go to discuss non-dev, non-tech aspects?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; "The DSpace-general mailing list is for discussion about building and running a DSpace service. It is open to all DSpace users to ask questions, share news, and spark discussion about DSpace with people managing other DSpace sites. "</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks caryn</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; shouldn't that be dspace-tech aka dspace-user</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I agree that the tech and dev names are confusing, but that can just be seen as an argument for rebranding -tech</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; grahamtriggs: there might be an argument for that, but just a bit of history on this:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notices we are over time...but, we can keep this going for a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; We initially launched about 10 lists (based on subject-interest, etc) in addition to tech &amp; dev. People found this confusing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; No doubt ! ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; So we pared it down to one, fairly low-traffic list, that one could 'safely' subscribe to without a lot of minutae coming across</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; What the best name for it is  I agree debatable - 'general' might not have been the best, but</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; now folks are familiar with it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I've put in my $0.02 on this.  Hunger trumps Ego.  I commend those with ambition to accomplish the transition and leave the decision in your hands :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-christel- [Global Notice] Hi all, we are currently experiencing a "new sort of spam" -- where the spammer claims to be tunelling via HTTP POST and encourages you to visit a url. Visiting the URL opens another connecting via YOUR ip which spams further, we encourage you to NOT click the link to avoid being banned from channels or the network. Thank you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks for the vote of confidence, mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I'm just having a quick scan of -general. Isn't it fair to say that a very high proportion of actual 'discussions' on there should really just have gone to -tech in the first place anyway?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Yes, there are a lot of newbie misdirected tech stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs:  I still find it hard making such a generalization, and I feel as others that there is worth in have a non-techie listserv (even if many questions still end up being forwarded to the techie one)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Some tend to think of "technical" as meaning "having to do with the computing aspects", but e.g. librarians have their own idea of what "technical" means, so I'll admit that it is a little fuzzy.  Maybe it should have been something like "operational".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; So if it was locked down to announcements, then they would be go to -tech (or however it was rebranded by default)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; i guess i would only say that if you have only tech, then you won't get as many questions from newbies, which might increase frustration levels, and decrease community participation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The question in my mind is:  is it useful to distinguish "making DSpace run" from "applying DSpace to my archival problem"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs:  but, I think it is still intimidating for some.  Plus, there would be no place for people to ask about policy level questions  (which may have little to do with the software)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (n=chatzill@87.18.224.250) Quit ("ChatZilla 0.9.85 [Firefox 3.0.17/2009122116]")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; mhwood: yes! archivists would not be interested in seeing messages about making DSpace run, and vice versa</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: I'd say yes to your question..it's all about that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, all...feel free to continue this (i'll hang around), but also feel free to cut out...we've gone well over time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Who's going to London dev8?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, thanks...forgot about that one :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i'll be at dev8D (www.dev8D.org)...anyone else?  should we have a meetup?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; *sigh*, no budget and likely no time to get a passport....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; tdonohue: restrict pdf view, non-unique handle keys, non-standard characters, CSS issues... all -tech. The majority are announcement posts (even if they come from wider community - we should have a means to post those announcements)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: I'm attending code4lib and will not be able to attend dev8D</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, it's a shame code4lib and dev8D are at the same time this year</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mdiggory: that is a tough one - I want to go to code4lib also</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ideally we should try to organize more US events around DSpace, traveling to Europe is not tractable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd sighs ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We really need to see a stronger counterpart to JISC / dev8D emerge in the US</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We need a train running *west* out of England.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok... and in KIWI-land</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: not final, but I will likely go, so would be happy to get together</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; :D</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: yea, agreed.  It'd be nice to see a DSUG in US sometime this year</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: hawaii could be a good compromise ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers:  sounds good...I'll send out a call to see if we have others who will also be there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; HEAR HEAR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd:  hawaii is fine by me!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Foundation sponsors all comitters travel....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; heh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha :) yea, I'll have to see if that will fly, richardrodgers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Other possible meetups.... JA-SIG in March (San Diego)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; Hawaii, all committers, fly?  No ... Rowboat.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; bradm: I'm seeing lost episodes now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; lol</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; wasn't that a Gilligan's Island episode</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; If the rowboat begins to leak and take water, do we submit a Jira ticket, and wait for Stuart to patch it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; no, that was a surfboard...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; they filmed the opening of gilligan's island in newport beach... maybe we should schedule a dspace mtg here in oc?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz: oh no. what if we cannot get an internet connection!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Internet Protocol over Avian Carriers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; caryn: I'd support that idea.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; alright, delay 1.6 until we can access jira offline</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; good meeting/discussion all...consider the meeting adjourned, but feel free to continue discussion Committer/Lost spinoffs :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; bye all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (n=richardr@pool-173-76-16-252.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* caryn (i=80c8e115@gateway/web/freenode/x-qqgxbbwgqtlouvgp) Quit ("Page closed")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (n=grahamtr@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (n=PeterDie@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (n=mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (n=mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Read error: 110 (Connection timed out))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (i=mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (n=tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* barmintor (i=barminto@specdl11.cul.columbia.edu) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* barmintor (n=chatzill@cpe-72-229-190-215.nyc.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* barmintor (n=chatzill@cpe-72-229-190-215.nyc.res.rr.com) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit ()</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>