<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2010-06-23
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@fedcommsrv1.nsdlib.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 16:32:05 EDT 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- [freenode-info] channel trolls and no channel staff around to help? please check with freenode support: <a href="http://freenode.net/faq.shtml#gettinghelp">http://freenode.net/faq.shtml#gettinghelp</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega (~pvillega@86.47.50.67) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega_ (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega (~pvillega@86.47.50.67) Quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-28-234.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-28-234.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-28-234.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Quit: Heading out...talk to you later.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega__ (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega_ (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) Quit (Read error: Operation timed out)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega__ (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Keithg (~Keith@207.138.47.158) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all -- DSpace Dev Mtg starts here in a few minutes.  Small agenda today: <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-06-23">http://wiki.dspace.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-06-23</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hmm...seems like a small crowd today ;)  Everyone must be busy this week!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (or, maybe it's the fact that OR10 is looming as well)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (52292565@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.37.101) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- well, none of our GSoC mentors seem to be in attendance today -- I know things are moving along decently (at least on dspace-gsoc-student list).  For now, we'll skip over the GSoC updates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; GSoC will be an agenda item for the face2face at OR10 -- so, hopefully we'll all get some detailed updates from the mentors then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Speaking of OR10 -- still looking for any additional agenda items.  In addition, if you are definitely planning to attend, either let me know, or add your name to the attendance list on bottom of page: <a href="http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-07-05+-+OR10+Meeting">http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-07-05+-+OR10+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (i'm trying to get a final head count, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone have any questions/comments about the OR10 meeting?  If you haven't had a chance, take a look at how to get to our committers mtg -- it's *not* at the same location as the conference (unfortunately that space wasn't available)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; quiet group today :)  I can definitely tell we're all busy -- no worries, we may just make this meeting short if need be</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Hi Tim. I'm just looking forward to meeting people in person :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As am I!  I'm looking forward to meeting everyone and having a chance to chat more over beers (or whatever) in the evening</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; same here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any more comments on the DSpace &amp; Fedora Integration FAQ?  I wanted to bring this up again, as it will become highly advertised at OR10 (it's a big talking point for DuraSpace).  If you have questions you'd like to see clarified / added, etc.  that'd be great to know (as we are going through final edits before OR10)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DSpace-Fedora+Integration+FAQ">http://fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DSpace-Fedora+Integration+FAQ</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; you can also send me comments via email, if want.   This will also be a topic at the OR10 committers meeting (obviously)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I still feel a little too ignorant on the whole subject to make any worthwhile comment.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Whenever this comes up, I think of someone saying, "why don't we weld our Camaro on top of that Mustang over there?"  I think we need to say up front (a) why this makes sense, and (b) which parts of Fedora we're really talking about.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: no problem -- we can talk through this more at the committers mtg as well &amp; hopefully come to a common understanding</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: understood -- We tried to tackle the answers to (a) in that FAQ -- as for (b), that's a bit of a work in progress -- there's already some projects (GSoC) that make use of some parts of Fedora which we can build on -- the hope is to start at that level and build off of</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm referring to the past GSoC Fedora Integration projects (2008 &amp; 2009): <a href="http://www.fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/Past+Google+Summer+of+Code+Projects">http://www.fedora-commons.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/Past+Google+Summer+of+Code+Projects</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but again -- a big part of this is not to say "here's how we (DuraSpace) think this software must change".... it's more to make a (potentially controversial) recommendation in order to gage community response, and come to a common understanding of how to move forward.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think we are going to lose people who don't already know Fedora if we don't say somewhere in the first 3-4 sentences, "people want to do this because &lt;simple reasons&gt;."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- so are you talking about a sort of "elevator pitch" statement?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Term not recognized.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sorry -- that's me slipping into old consulting "lingo"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's a long statement.  People need to know why they should read on.  If you know Fedora, then I guess you would know why to read on; otherwise it sounds absurd.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; an "elevator pitch" is a quick explanation to generate interest, etc.   It's called that, cause it should be brief enough that you could discuss in a brief elevator (lift for the UK folks) ride</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I think we're talking about the same thing -- I'd agree, we need to avoid losing people on the mention of Fedora, and need to make it clearer in the first few sentences what we are talking about</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks -- that's good feedback</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I just think it needs a FAQ 0 before "what are the plans":  "why do I care?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, I've been heard.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; understood.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep -- I agree -- I'll work on that -- a better intro into this whole FAQ is needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- sounds like that's it for comments on the FAQ (send more to me if you have them)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is there anything else anyone wanted to discuss?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any interest in doing some JIRA catchup today, or is everyone busy (and in need the extra 1/2 hour of time)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Keithg&gt; busy today :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'll be asking about 1.7 at OR10</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Can do JIRA if we have enough</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hi all, sorry i'm late.. going to be hard to make meetings at 8am now that i live so far from work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Excuse me, enough members here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'm happy to join in a Jira review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; same</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- 1.7 discussion is a good topic to add to our committers mtg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- I mean, the OR10 committers mtg (also this regular one too)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; PeterDietz:  you mean, people will be asking YOU about 1.7 then. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, sounds like we have enough to do a JIRA review then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I was hoping I didn't have to sit in the hot seat,</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; At some point I would like to see another discussion about source versus binary releasess.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint -- good topic to bring up.  I'd be good to also bring up at our OR10 mtg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I noticed that the instructions to install fedora seem to be: java -jar /path/to/fedora-install.jar</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd just did that yesterday for the first time ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep-- that's right, PeterDietz -- they have an installer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; it's an interactive "q&amp;a style" installer, with three options - quick, custom, or client</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it'll also install a basic Tomcat setup for you, if choose the "quick" option</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (so, maybe that's something we could look at -- be nice to simplify our installation as much as we can)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So long as it's optional.  I hate installers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sure we could make it as such :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; yeah, I think theres a source release as well.. so on with the jira?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i didn't try using fedora's source install</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- JIRA Review now...starting with DS-528</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; here's the search I'll work from: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;&amp;pid=10020&amp;resolution=-1&amp;created%3Aprevious=-12w&amp;status=1&amp;assigneeSelect=&amp;sorter/field=created&amp;sorter/order=ASC">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;&amp;pid=10020&amp;resolution=-1&amp;created%3Aprevious=-12w&amp;status=1&amp;assigneeSelect=&amp;sorter/field=created&amp;sorter/order=ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ack -- that doesn't go far enough back -- here's a better one <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;&amp;pid=10020&amp;resolution=-1&amp;created%3Aprevious=-14w&amp;status=1&amp;assigneeSelect=&amp;sorter/field=created&amp;sorter/order=ASC">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;&amp;pid=10020&amp;resolution=-1&amp;created%3Aprevious=-14w&amp;status=1&amp;assigneeSelect=&amp;sorter/field=created&amp;sorter/order=ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; for the richer RSS, I customized it to support iTunes podcasts</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt;  RSS feeds to support richer features, such as iTunes Podcast or  Media RSS: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-528">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-528</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Sands has done works with MediaRSS (for images)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; and Mark brings up the idea that you might want to be able to create a feed for all audio items</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; so i guess the question becomes we would almost want to make a base class / interface and then plug in an "enrichment" to the feed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, it looks like the work so far has proven it's possible -- but there needs to be a better implementation (as you said a class/interface that allows such enrichment)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; So I'm thinking to follow the media filter plugin model</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; however, I'm not sure how complicated that makes making a feed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think it's fine to follow an existing model -- you just want to give several pre-configured options to people -- so they don't need to figure out how to enable iTunes Podcast feeds, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; yep, I do run into dc.creator vs dc.contributor.author on this I think</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, in general -- +1 sounds like a good idea -- I'd just like to see it built out more, and made easy to turn on/off</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, dc.creator vs. dc.contributor.author problems are everywhere :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'll add my latest code to the JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ...and think about refactoring it be easier to extend</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@m5f5e36d0.tmodns.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that'd be nice.  Are there other questions on this?  Otherwise, we could move on -- and PeterDietz can bring updates/questions to future meetings as needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next one -- Allow automatic mapping between collections : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-529">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-529</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; can you do OAI harvesting on yourself?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- you could harvest from one DSpace to another (using the OAI collection options) -- never tried harvesting in the same DSpace?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-529 : is an interesting feature idea -- needs volunteers though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood wonders if the fabled Discovery module could instead make collections that are views over results of stored queries or some such.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I like the idea but it wouldnt be top of my list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- good thought -- Solr does make those sorts of "views" easier</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i know Otago does this kind of thing.. but in reverse.. theses are deposited to an ETD collection then mapped to departmental collections</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mhwood: virtual collections</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I suppose if the issue is that all ETDS go into: ETD -- Undergrad Honors -- Engineering, then to have (College of Engineering -- Undergrad) just harvest the other collection.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; robint:  correct.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds like DS-529 may need to move to Discovery work, and be generalized as an idea for 'virtual collections' in Solr</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; How many ways are there of imagining this mapping?  We have two already:  many -&gt; one and one -&gt; many.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mm, i like the idea of using 'views' or 'virtual collections' over lots of complicated mapping ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Allow mapping searches based on dc.type : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-530">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-530</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; the item map admin UI is quite odd to use..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; it's also inconsistent between JSPUI / XMLUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea -- that UI is not the best and needs work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; DS-530 is about the difficulty to grab based on a filter via OAI?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; the 'search by author' is also case sensitive</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- no, the question is actually about the "Item Mapping" Admin UI, I believe -- the OAI mention is actually slightly off topic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; slightly, although it's related to DS-529 in that a 'virtual OAI set' or 'virtual collection' with an easy way to search/filter for source items would also solve the problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but the underlying problem is that it's hard to map items, hard to manage mapped items, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd -- true -- there's two problems here:  (1) the Item Mapping Admin UI is bad (only allows search by author).... (2) it's hard to put stuff in 'virtual collections' or 'virtual OAI sets'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ok I think the driver for these two might be the difficulty for consortia like OhioLink to easily scoop all "Thesis" from the various edu repositories in Ohio. or vice versa</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- I think you are correct on that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; PeterDietz: yeah.. there's no reason sets have to relate directly to collections</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'd love more configuration around building OAI sets</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There's been comment before that the PMH responder is too inflexible w.r.t. constructing sets.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* achelous (~tom@216.160.210.151) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; RE: OAI configurable Sets -- there's a much older issue open: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-277">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-277</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I get the feeling that what we have now answers the question, "what can we provide easily".  Eventually we have to answer, "what makes sense to provide?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; It would be a shame to stick to a rigid collection structure just to accomodate OAI. The tail wagging the dog.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I think something like a useful HTTP API would help here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* achelous (~tom@216.160.210.151) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; PMH doesn't know anything about collections.  Membership of "sets" can be anything computable, IIRC.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I think /communities/list or /communities/34567/collections/list would help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd likes this topic :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- now you are talking REST API :)  Good suggestions for the REST GSoC project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Perhaps.  But then you will have to answer a thousand variants of "we already have PMH, why not use that?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* PeterDietz didn't want to get told to go read some guys dissertation, therefore didn't use the word REST</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ...but yeah, thats exactly what I would be happy with</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; just sticking to PMH for now, i think it'd be great to be able to create new sets based on a query string of some sort, instead of a collection handle</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; etc..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think we essentially need a few interested volunteers to dig into this a bit more -- Is there a way to improve our OAI-PMH interfaces so that they don't rely as much on community/collection hierarchy?  Will Discovery help?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i might try and come up with a few ideas/demos over the next 2-3 weeks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd -- go for it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; so i'll volunteer, OAI is soemthing i'm pretty interested in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; here's some past work to look at: <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DSpaceOAISets">http://wiki.dspace.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DSpaceOAISets</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (52292565@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.37.101) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- we're now over time, so we'll stop there.  Good discussion on those issues, though they still need volunteers (but hopefully that will come)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (52292565@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.37.101) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, we'll close the meeting up for today.  have a good rest of the week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 'bye all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cheers all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* achelous (~tom@216.160.210.151) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (52292565@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.37.101) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: btw, i think the time for the "DSpace Developers IRC Chat" item in the DSpace Community google calendar needs updating? either that or there's some DST weirdness that makes it appear an hour earlier to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; checking...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmm...no, it appears correct for me.  It shows as having started ~1hr ago.  maybe this is Google calendar acting weird?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah could be, i'll make sure it has me in the right timezone etc. (my other apps seem ok)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd -- I just changed my personal google calendar settings to NZST -- and the mtg then appears for me as 8am-9am (which I think is correct).  So, you might want to check your settings.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; that's correct.. mine still says 7am - 8am (i'm in GMT+12 - Auckland, New Zealand but i'll check again.. if it's adding an extra hour on because it thinks i'm on NZDT which is +13, that'd explain it..)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; nope, it's all GMT (or UTC) + 12.. oh well.. the red line that shows 'current time' is always correct, just the events on DSpace Community look an hour behind. i'll figure it out later ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; strange</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@m5f5e36d0.tmodns.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-28-234.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-28-234.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Keithg (~Keith@207.138.47.158) Quit (Ping timeout: 258 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Keithg (~Keith@207.138.47.158) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* krnl_ (Andrius@193.219.34.106) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* achelous (~tom@216.160.210.151) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-28-234.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Keithg (~Keith@207.138.47.158) Quit (Ping timeout: 258 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: stuartlewis)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>