<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2011-01-12
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[1:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@12.50.87.66) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:18]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@12.50.87.66) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* alxp (~alxp@PC044.ROBLIB.UPEI.CA) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@airport-grey.nescent.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@62.189.56.2) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc_ (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc_ is now known as bradmc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* alxp (~alxp@PC044.ROBLIB.UPEI.CA) Quit (Quit: alxp)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@62.189.56.2) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* elinstangeland (56097ad4@gateway/web/freenode/ip.86.9.122.212) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;elinstangeland&gt; Hi folks :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5229fe8f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.143) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi elinstangeland</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;elinstangeland&gt; :) Just checking that I got the connection right, haven't done this since I was a student.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@128.146.175.194) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Reminder to all, DSpace Devel Mtg will be starting here at top of the hour.  Agenda at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-01-12">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-01-12</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cccharles (~chris@131.104.62.55) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithg (~keith-noa@207.138.47.158) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all -- about time to get started.  Just an FYI, elinstangeland is joining us from the DSpace Community Advisory Team (DCAT), previously known as DGOC group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Howdy.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;elinstangeland&gt; Hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll kick things off with the normal JIRA review process for first 15-20mins</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Hi Elin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's a search of recent JIRA issues:  <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-651+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-651+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a>    We'll be starting at DS-651</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSpace Intermediate Metadataformat DIM - include handle or ID : <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-651">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-651</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; evening</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmmm.. anyone understand what Claudia is asking for in DS-651?  I thought we already do include the DSpace Handle in 'dc.identifier'?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I mean 'dc.identifier.uri' includes the Item Handle</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I think the reference to the handle is misleading.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;elinstangeland&gt; I read this to mean that not all metadata is included in the DIM, and she suggests that they should be?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; The other stuff she refers to is held in the Item table as she describes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;elinstangeland&gt; May be wrong though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; it includes the handle formatted as a uri, and not the raw value. The raw value - plus all of the metadata that exists as columns in the item table would be useful to have</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aha.  Ok, now I understand.  So, perhaps she's suggesting a separate metadata schema called "dim" (instead of just 'dc') which includes this extra info which doesn't easily fit into Dublin Core, persay?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;elinstangeland&gt; From my point of view it would make sense to keep this infor together at least</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;elinstangeland&gt; infor = info</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm thinking its to have another section in <a href="http://demo.dspace.org/xmlui//metadata/handle/1842/207/mets.xml">http://demo.dspace.org/xmlui//metadata/handle/1842/207/mets.xml</a> such as the meta-information (inArchive t/F)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Or she just wants it exposed whenever DIM is generated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Mark this "please explain further"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds like we have ideas all over -- we need to get things narrowed down :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- yea, I'd agree, we need to come to a common understanding of what is needed, and then find a volunteer or two</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-651 - Will ask Claudia to explain further,  need more details.  Others are also encouraged to add their feedback/ideas/comments</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In essence of time, moving on..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I don't think it should be a metadata field encoding, as it has the potential to conflict with registered schemas, but adding an encoding of the non-registered field data on an item representation seems sensible, providing we have a good markup for it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; MetadataExposure hides fields except for System Admins - this should extend to Community and Collection Admins : <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-655">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-655</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-100.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* PeterDietz adds that determining if the current user is a collection admin is not as straight forward</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; HI everyone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hi mdiggory.. we're doing JIRA review, currently on: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-655">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-655</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; catching up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; super admin == isAdmin().. collection admin == Group.isMember(context, collection.getAdministrators().getID())</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone have thoughts on DS-655, or volunteer to look into this in more detail?  It sounds like Bill Hays has a point, but I am not as familiar with this area of the code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; What she is asking for is authorization on metadata fields</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so that specific fields can be hidden from specific users</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; pubic vs administrator</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz:  Doesn't the AuthorizeManager.isAdmin(context,  DSpaceObject) method find a Community or Collection Admin?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; PeterDietz: especially with the new delegation support</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; volunteers to investigate or add further comments to DS-655?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: I'll take it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (80ce6c20@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.108.32) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, assign DS-655 to robint for investigation.  Will revisit later as necessary</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll do one more..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; TBH, theres already so much backwardness in the OAI implementation... I wouldn't be worried about efficiency losses due to actually attempting to authorize the content...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Provide a "nonAnon" attribute to XMLUI theme : <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-658">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-658</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hmm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; viewing is part of the Items attached Resource Policies....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; You would review the ResourcePolicies to see if the current EPerson had rights to view the item in the first place</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; right, mdiggory, but we don't have ResourcePolicies on metadata fields (which is what this is asking about)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* vhollister (48c88f7e@gateway/web/freenode/ip.72.200.143.126) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thinking this can be restricted in the theming layer is probably not the best approach</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; in a way, this seems parallel to DS-655 -- seems to be about permissions on metadata fields</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, like 655</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory, i agree, not sure I like the patch's approach in DS-658.  It shouldn't be in the Theme (as it also would need to work for JSPUI, OAI, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Seems that we are in the process of inventing a richer ResourcePolicy capability</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bingo :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, putting access-control code in theme layer is not so good.  Then we have to duplicate it in every other UI (treating e.g. PMH as a UI...).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This is something I banged my head on with the dspace2 work repeatedly, but never came to a complete conclusion on.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; And it comes back to both (a) improving how Item manages updating metadata and (b) maing the ResourcePolicies be more granular</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, shall we link DS-658 as related to DS-655, and wait on robint to investigate DS-655 (to see where that starts to lead us?).   Also, if anyone has ideas brewing, feel free to write up a proposal for how to deal with ResourcePolicies &amp; Metadata</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Are metadata resource policies per-site, per-container, per-Item?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; could be ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- good question :)  could be any, but I'd think the most important initially would likely be per-site and per-container</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; well, we could take this discussion into dealing with policies attached to delault item read default bitstream read into consideration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thats what we are starting to refer to here... default_metadata_read policy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-658 -- Will link as related to DS-655 &amp; suggest that this is part of a larger issue.  Everyone is welcome to add further ideas/comments.  We need to brainstorm &amp; draft proposal for how to deal with permissions on specific metadata fields.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I think there is a more basic question to ask - it's not 'right' to implement such controls in the theme, so no shipped theme would implement making this decision. But could/should more information be exposed to the theme layer so that people could provide solutions within their local themes if necessary?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'm off to unassign DS-655 from myself... :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint:  You didn't know what you were getting into, did you :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Doh!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: I'd say no.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'd say no too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Make it one of those "call back into Cocoon" objects, so you can get the data if you want 'em but we don't inflate the DRI with stuff seldom used?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: I think if you just want to find a possible solution to DS-655 that's fine.   Hopefully that solution or idea, can help us brainstorm out ways to extend it for other usages (and if not, then we'll create another JIRA issue to tackle the much larger problem of Metadata permissions)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This patch could be rewrittent to not alter Item</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; well, at least, not in a way that implies the theme is the place to be doing security/hiding metadata</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; nothing in the patch uses anything internal to the Item, I'm against adding convenience methods to the Item object unless they actually require access to the private contents of the Item object</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- likely, he changed Item directly because there's already an Item.canEdit()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, that's why the canView() was likely added there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Probably shouldn't be there as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hmmm, one of the things private to any class should be detailed knowledge of how it works.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that has nothing to do with how it works, the ResourcePolicies are on it, not in it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  Shall we stop there?  If there are other comments/suggestions, feel free to add directly to DS-658 issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next Topic:  Upcoming release schedules &amp; a call for release coordinator(s)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First off, anyone interested in being either the 1.7.1 release coordinator or the 1.8.0 release coordinator?   If so, you get an extra say in (a) what goes in them, and (b) what the schedule may look like :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; *tumbleweed*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue pauses to see if anyone takes the bait...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I know the being bug-free is unprecedented, but if no grave bugs are discovered in 1.7, would be we be able to create 1.8?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; bug free, other than my sentence</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Bug-free 1.7 is not a prerequisite for starting 1.8, is it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; no, i think peter's just asking if 1.7.1 might be skipped altogether</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; oops, I was thinking 1.7.1, exactly kshepherd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory thinks.... with great power comes great responsibility</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no.. 1.8.0 can start immediately.  The only rule right now is that new features go into 1.8.0.   Bug fixes would go into 1.7.1 (and in turn 1.8.0)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd &amp; PeterDietz.  Sure, if there were no bugs, we could potentially skip over 1.7.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; personally, i think there are so many new features in 1.7 that it'd be nice to apply some polish for a 1.7.1 release, and get in any fixes, even if they aren't for *grave* bugs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The problem is that "no bugs" is something you find out later.  Infinitely later, in fact.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we would just identify that a 1..7.x branch would come from the 1.7.0 tag and that 1.8.0 work goes on in the trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1.7.x branch already exists: <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/branches/dspace-1_7_x/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/branches/dspace-1_7_x/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; there you go...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll also note that currently, in JIRA, we already have a small number of issues "tentatively scheduled" for 1.7.1: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/10353">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/10353</a>  (These are bugs that were reported in 1.6.2, but we actually didn't get around to completely fixing in 1.7.0, so they still exist there)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; commit activity to that branch will probably determine how necessary a 1.7.1 release is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the big question should always be: "Is a change in trunk compatible enough with 1.7.0 to be considered an addition to the 1.7.x branch as well?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; JIRA issues should be reviewed and considered if they should go on the tunk and/or the branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; agreed, we should review these issues.  But, considering our issue backlog, the easiest quick solution was to move all bugs fixes that were incomplete for 1.7.0 to be scheduled for 1.7.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; 1.6.1 was a very strict "bug fixes only" policy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if we are going to maintain a fixed release schedule, then what kshepherd stated is very very important</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes...to be clear, our current policy still is that 1.7.1 should have a strict "bug fix only" policy.  If we wanted to change that, we'd have to vote on it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1.8.0 = new features/improvements, 1.7.1 = bug fixes only</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If we have both lines, then 1.7.1 can come out whenever there are enough fixes, or enough criticality, to do so, while 1.8 chugs along on a fixed schedule.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mhwood: yep, i like that idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; exactly, mhwood.  Sorry, I must've not been clear about this :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1.8.0 can start immediately.  1.7.1 will come out whenever.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That's why I was asking for *two* volunteers to be Release Coordinator of 1.7.1 and 1.8.0, respectively</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I can stick with 1.7.x monitoring the remnants of the to-do, and prod the rest of us to test/commit their issues. I'm not sure I want to touch maven still</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's also attractive to separate potentially destabilizing new stuff (1.8) and fixing existing stuff (1.7.x)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; again, my mistake -- I'm obviously not being as clear as I meant to be :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- the maven issues you struggled with before have been fixed, I assure you :)  and if you had more issues, I know it well now (as does mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; a few people are still on holiday, a lot of us have just started back at work and are catching up in terms of dspace community stuff as well as office stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I think I'm once bitten, twice shy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; would it make sense to re-visit this next meeting? or are we running out of time?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, PeterDietz, was that you volunteering to do the 1.7.1 Release Coordination (assuming we find the need to do 1.7.1)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; still on holiday, I think I had to resume work the business day after christmas, and new years :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* PeterDietz is volunteering to be 1.7.1 Release Coordinator</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd: we can revisit if we have no volunteers. I'll also send a note for volunteers to dspace-commit after this mtg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks PeterDietz :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  Moving on (for now) to schedule.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; perhaps since 1.8dev is still a bit green, it can stay in the committer-lead release status until theres a front-runner for the project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; based on last week's discussion, there was a lot of talk about potentially doing some "beta" releases, so that it would allow us all to get features out there earlier.  The idea (which richard r proposed) was that after a beta release we could *change* features.  So they would happen *before* a feature freeze.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I had posted a very tentative sample 9 month schedule here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-01-12">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-01-12</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* John_____ (83bb423a@gateway/web/freenode/ip.131.187.66.58) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It's open to comments/suggestion/massive changes, etc.  Again, this is just an idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I chose 9months because that was the same time period between 1.6.0 and 1.7.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thoughts?  anyone like or hate this idea?  Would we rather change our 9 month schedule to something different (12 months?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'm ok with 9 months. that's probably the min i'd vote for. also, it would be nice to avoid releasing close to the EOY holidays :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (roughly -- this proposed timeline is almost identical to how 1.7.0 was scheduled.  The only difference is that two "beta" releases were added to the beginning)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Don't like or hate the schedule -- probably a good sign.  Should not go longer without a specific reason?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; As a general point, I don't particularly like 9 months as a regular thing - it cycles through different times of the year, which makes it a bit awkward. Realistically, I think I prefer 12 months, but we should adjust the actual date to something suitable (ie. we might want to go for Oct/Nov to give as a bit more time before the holidays)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 6-month cycle, spring and fall?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; grahamtriggs: i'd be ok with that too... i just wouldn't go as low as 6 months (too quick), 12 months seems to long for some, so i guess 9 months was a good compromise between those, two</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we could do 6-month -- but, obviously the releases would be smaller (less new features)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; How many new features do we need for a release?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- no minimum or maximum.  It's really up to us.  We just need to have a reason why people would want to upgrade</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (or, alternatively, make it *dead simple* to upgrade)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i'm also open to the 12mos idea -- I'd agree though we may want to adjust so that it doesn't always conflict with the holidays (like 1.7)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; 6 months seems a bit quick if we want to go through beta stages. It feels like you would want to do betas in say July, August, September before gearing up for an Oct/Nov release. If you were then to do six month cycle, you would be almost immediately back in betas - which isn't enough time unless there are people overlapping on developing for the next release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; honestly, we could also do this release by release.  We could say that 1.8 will be a 9mos release, and 1.9 (or whatever next) will be decided once we get to it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; 12 months is good, we could stil plan to release RC1 after 9 months of that 12</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I don't mean to push for shorter cycles.  I just have a vague feeling that longer ones don't provide enough pressure to get stuff done, somehow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; and the last 3 are testing, newer RC releases, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mhwood: maybe the 6/9/12 month schedule needs to be broken down more, with 'phases' and deadlines that we actually have to keep ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; easier said than done...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, hence the idea of "betas" being those various phases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thinking a bit, scheduled betas would be equivalent to phases.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; gotcha</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (i'm on my first coffee of the day, please excuse my slowness ;P)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if we looked at the proposed 9month schedule, our first beta would be released in mid-May.  Whatever is ready by then gets into the Beta release (and gets early eyes on it &amp; early testing).  Everything else goes into either Beta2 (by June) or in before Feature Freeze (July 22)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; so to reapply beta mentality to 1.7, beta1 could have gotten mirage and a handful of changes, beta 2 google scholar and other handful of changes, beta 3 could have gotten discovery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And after September (final release) we go to a 12-month cycle?  Feature release every fall?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, in that way, my proposed schedule has 3 phases -- Beta1, Beta2, Feature Freeze  -- before we go to RC1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; How much will a beta release demand of the release coordinator ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; beta releases would just mean you cut a release then.  Whatever is "in", is "in", whatever is not, too bad :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, it wouldn't be very high demand.  It'd just take the coordinator an 20-60mins to cut the release (and it'd be good practice on cutting releases)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Understood, just that I worry that all these beta and RC releases will eat up a lot of the coordinators time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And noting things which are visible but not quite ready.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Ah ok.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; it's important we document our new features as we go, so that they're well-described by the time beta is cut, and we don't shove it all on jeff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep -- new features would have to be documented *as we go*.  The coordinator would *not* be responsible for documenting anything in the beta releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, beta releases are good, cause you get your stuff out there earlier for early review (and can still change it before the final release), but you have to have your docs decently ready as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; would there be a situation where something gets added to a beta, but then removed for the next beta / feature freeze?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll also note that we really need to reanalyze how we are doing Docs.  It was a horrible 2 days for Jeff &amp; I just before 1.7.0, trying to cleanup everything at the last minute.  We need to rethink our processes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- preferrably, no.  But, "betas" are not guarranteed to have the same features as a final release.  So, it could potentially happen if a feature was that "bad" (but hopefully we don't build such bad features :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, if I send up something un(der)-documented, I expect to be chastised for it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; the nice thing about betas is, if a new feature isn't sufficiently documented, your users won't be shy about letting you know. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Perhaps.  I often find that users are more shy than I'd like, at any stage of development.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: very true :)    it also gives us more opportunities to chastise those who aren't giving proper docs (as mhwood suggests)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* vhollister (48c88f7e@gateway/web/freenode/ip.72.200.143.126) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- even though users may be shy, it also gets the developers to actually look at your feature &amp; respond at an earlier stage in the process (rather than everything going into Trunk at the same time in the last week before the "freeze")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue sorry we're running well over here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: left a comment for you in #dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; tdonohue: It might be a bit too idealistic to expect to significantly change the effort involved there, but it needs to be better catered for (ie. starting the 'make sure everything is clean' task earlier, and having more people involved/responsive)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs: right -- the problem with the 1.7.0 process was no one was "assigned" that task of 'make sure everything is clean', and no one took it up until the last week when we all suddenly realized where the docs really stood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (hence -- we need to be clearer about how we want to manage docs going further, and who is "in charge" of that area)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; well, the wiki thing is good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; fwiw</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- any final thoughts here?  I'm going to send this tentative 9mos schedule to dspace-commit.  Please comment on it further, or propose an alternative schedule if you have one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; "in charge" = "stuck with the job of herding programmers".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd - yea, I think the wiki step was good.  We just need to clean out the other problem areas, and find a "team" (preferably) who is willing to manage the wiki docs more closely)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: maybe include 12 months as an alternative? just to avoid the problem graham mentioned of ever-changing release dates?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "in charge" = we need a team -- Jeff cannot be expected to do this alone, as he hasn't the time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep, he's doing an awesome job... but that doesn't mean we can be lazy ;P</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd be against a 12mos right now though -- it'd put us back in Dec 2011?  I thought we wanted to avoid the holidays?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; right, we wouldn't be able to *start* that schedule now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 9mo. this time, then 12?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i see.. that makes more sense, yeah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; My thought was 1.8 = 9mos (or 10), and then move to 12mos</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; exactly, mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; October, and 12 months thereafter?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I'll draft up a tentative Oct schedule too.  We can vote on it in dspace-commit list.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; With that -- I'll go ahead and close things up, as we are way over time (sorry about that, but this was good discussion, I think).  I'll stick around here if anyone has anything else to talk about</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue consider meeting closed, but you are welcome to stick around and still chat</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; see #dspace if you want to see a screenshot of something nifty i did to my item view template with JSONSolrSearcher :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (5229fe8f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.143) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (80ce6c20@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.108.32) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* elinstangeland (56097ad4@gateway/web/freenode/ip.86.9.122.212) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* John_____ (83bb423a@gateway/web/freenode/ip.131.187.66.58) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithg (~keith-noa@207.138.47.158) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@airport-grey.nescent.org) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>