<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2011-08-24
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@host213-123-239-134.in-addr.btopenworld.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:10ab:21e:4fff:feba:a425) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* elschlomo (~fas@HSI-KBW-46-223-224-234.hsi.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* elschlomo (~fas@HSI-KBW-46-223-224-234.hsi.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@host213-123-239-134.in-addr.btopenworld.com) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C156FD.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5229fe9f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.159) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (80cea2c6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.162.198) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, reminder the DSpace Devel Mtg is at the top of the hour: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-08-24">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-08-24</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2011-08-24 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-08-24">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-08-24</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* whays (~chatzilla@FEORNESWID.MIT.EDU) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, time for the weekly DSpace Developers Meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-08-24">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-08-24</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2011-08-24 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-08-24">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-08-24</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Today is basically just set aside for more 1.8.0 discussion (things that still need to get in, tickets we need to discuss, whether we are still on-schedule or need to change schedule, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I posted the info that I know on the agenda itself (didn't run this by robint though, so he may have other updates to share) :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Looked good to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bojans (~Bojmen@62.68.103.128) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Shall I report on the stuff I know about ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; You'll also notice I added a note at the top for areas that we can use help -- mainly Documentation (which is not at all up-to-date), and also looking through JIRA to see if anything else (esp. bugs) can be quickly fixed for 1.8.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sure, go ahead robint.  That's all I had to share right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; DS-749</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-749">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-749</a> ] - [#DS-749] allow for bitstream display order to be changed - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Commited. Thanks to KevinVdV for the fast work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; DS-994</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-994">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-994</a> ] - [#DS-994] Add allow/deny rules for self-registration in the simple password authentication module - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Hardy is still fighting with this. I think he has stumbled across at least one bug in the code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Needs more investigation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm on track for a revised patch, will be able to post tonight</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Good stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.65.163) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; DS-964</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-964">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-964</a> ] - [#DS-964] Implement Creative Commons Web Service API with the Submission Process - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; wrapping my head around the changes to config styles</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Wendy hopes to have a new patch today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Its quite a big piece of work the CC Rewrite.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Mark Diggory has helped with some XMLUI advice but I may have to call on others for help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, it sounds like Ds-964 should still be on track for 1.8.0?  Or is it 'iffy'?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; TBH Dont know until the new patch arrives</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; But I think it should be ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. sounds good.  I can also offer up some help on XMLUI stuff too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; And that me done really.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; that/thats</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Ah, one more !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; The Sword guys want to get their new Sword2 module included</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Sounds good to me but communication is a bit slow due to time differences and holidays</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; So we will just have to see how it goes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Done :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz_OSU&gt; I have one that is completed, I just missed on the cutoff deadline. DS-816</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-816">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-816</a> ] - [#DS-816] Order of search types in XMLUI Advanced Search is arbitrary - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; one point I'd like some advice on, robint found the bug that was plaguing me with DS-994, and I think we should open a new issue for it, and patch it separately from 994</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-994">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-994</a> ] - [#DS-994] Add allow/deny rules for self-registration in the simple password authentication module - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, it'd be good to get a formal approval on that addition (SWORD2), very soon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; hpottinger: agreed. Although I'm not exactly sure what the bug is yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: I emailed Stuart and Richard today suggesting a workaround for the Maven issues so I'll see what he says</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz_OSU -- that looks like a bug?  If so, it's not missed any deadlines (Deadline was only for new features or improvements).  Bugs can still be fixed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; robint: I'll open the issue and write it up, the problem is the Shib auth module incorrectly says that users can self-register by it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I notice mdiggory is not here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I wonder if we should take some time now to talk through Tombstone patches --  DS-587 (and related issue DS-969).  This has hit some controversy, but I wonder if we can get a quick consensus.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-587">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-587</a> ] - [#DS-587] add the capability to indicate a withdraw reason to an item ( tombstone ) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-969">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-969</a> ] - [#DS-969] Add ability to monitor &amp;amp; clear Cocoon&amp;#39;s Cache from XMLUI Control Panel - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ack, I mean DS-587 and DS-996</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-587">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-587</a> ] - [#DS-587] add the capability to indicate a withdraw reason to an item ( tombstone ) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-996">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-996</a> ] - [#DS-996] Add optional reason text to tombstone page - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; note:  Richard Rodgers is away at a conference and won't be able to attend/discuss today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks for the note, sandsfish</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Sorry, haven't been following the thread</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; not to say it shouldn't be discussed of course</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Is it possible to summarise the issue(s)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; summary coming... need time to type ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Discussion seems to be comments on Ds-996</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Summary:   JSPUI Tombstone Messages/Reasons is a feature supported by DCAT.   RichardR took time to try and improve upon the implementation by UMich.  Unfortunately, his implemenation has been slightly controversial in some ways...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; essentially RichardR has suggested storing a "tombstone reason" in a metadata field (configurable in dspace.cfg).  mdiggory opposes this approach, and thinks it should be a database column/field</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, at the same time, we have some other issues going on here -- see my final comment at the bottom of DS-969</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-969">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-969</a> ] - [#DS-969] Add ability to monitor &amp;amp; clear Cocoon&amp;#39;s Cache from XMLUI Control Panel - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-996</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-996">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-996</a> ] - [#DS-996] Add optional reason text to tombstone page - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (can't type today)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; parts of this work seem non-controversial.  But, one area is controversial.  So, I wonder how we best move forward for 1.8.0  (do we do the non-controversial stuff, and wait on other stuff...do we accidentally 'do nothing' cause of the controversial piece, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; +1 for doing the non-controversial stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Certainly, if the XMLUI tombstone page could be done quickly without invoking the controversy, that would be good.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Then augment it later when we have a decision as to how.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I am always willing to do the XMLUI tombstone page porting from the JSPUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, that's the essence of it mhwood.   That's the approach I'm leaning towards</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;whays&gt; The XMLUI tombstone page is already submitted as a patch to the ticket.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Oh missed it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Sorry</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV -- Richard Rodgers has already started the XMLUI work -- but, right now it includes both the non-controversial stuff &amp; the controversial stuff.  It's at DS-1004</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1004">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1004</a> ] - [#DS-1004] Add optional reason text to tombstone page (XMLUI) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Yeah just saw it please ignore my comment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Being over eager again.....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, the question here is whether we take a step back and just implement a very basic XMLUI Tombstone, and possibly leave the other stuff for post-1.8.0 (until we can figure out a better way to implement it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it sounds like we have a few folks agreeing with that approach</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I think its very very unlikely we will reach consensus on the controversial stuff at this late stage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree -- plus, we have no more time to do significant implementation changes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; just thought I'd point out that the non-controversial approach will involve a DB change... which means next year, yes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; hpottinger: As things stand, yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, essentially, after 1.8.0, we only have bug fix releases until the next major version (next year).  So, no new features until then (whether they change DB or not).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Although its surprising how quickly a year goes by (a sign of age)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I need to reply to that thread - I basically have the completely opposite opinion about making it part of the domain.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Please do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; feel free to continue the discussion on that thread</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; just, by default, if we don't reach a reasonable consensus soon, we'll just have to go with a basic XMLUI Tombstone page, and enhance it later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. it sounds like this part is wrapping up...so we can move on to the next thing I had to mention, DS-881</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-881">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-881</a> ] - [#DS-881] DSpace doesn&amp;#39;t build properly with Maven 3 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and here's mdiggory!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory wonders why his ears were burning</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; basically, I don't have any updates to give on Ds-881, but I *really* want to get this fixed (it's annoying to be limited to Maven 2.2.x).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; What I have is the following...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 1.) removal of the "module" includes from dspace-parent and move of DSpace parent to its own directory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 2.) Move the release assembly descriptors to dspace/src with the other one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 3.) execute both release and assembly from dspace project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This works pretty well in my prototype</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; for both 2.2 and 3.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Let me see if I understand all this :) (famous last words)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1.   We move [dspace-src]/pom.xml to it's own [dspace-src]/dspace-parent/ folder (and remove the &lt;module&gt; stuff from that pom)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2. we move all the Maven stuff that lets us actually "cut a new release" over into [dspace-src]/dspace/ folder</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 3. From that point forward, everything gets executed from [dspace-src]/dspace/ folder (whether you are doing a package or cutting a new release)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Would the dspace-parent folder live in trunk or modules ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/branches/dspace-async-release/dspace-parent/pom.xml">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/branches/dspace-async-release/dspace-parent/pom.xml</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That all sounds good to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; It has the dependencyManagement still present in it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One question, would the [dspace-src]/dspace-parent/ folder actually exist in the Source Release (dspace-x.x.x-src-release.zip)?  Or would it only be in SVN?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, it would exist in the source release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; It would be great to completely abolish dspace-parent in favor of dspace-pom, but at this time I'm not sure how to manage the dependencies as a group without it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; So there would be no pom in the root directory ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; What do you mean by cutting the release? There are two (kind of three) spearate things going on - updating the Maven project versions, tagging, etc. - and creating the zip files for re-distribution.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; and the one in the dspace folder doesn't change, correct?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Just a daft observation but my IDE complained about that when I tested it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; because you didn't select "search subtree for maven projects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; robint: what's your IDE, out of curiosity?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; IDEA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs: by 'cutting the release' , i meant actually running 'mvn release:*' commands to actually tag the new release &amp; send it off to Maven central</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: the whole thing is run in /dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; all stages</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; You can get round the problem easily but I just wondered if there was a better way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; each does something different</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but all run from that directory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; removing the pom also achieves a "checkout only what you need" approach for working with the svn projects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not that it didn't already exist</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Currently, when "cutting a release" (mvn release) you have to run it from [dspace-src] (root directory).  But, when building DSpace (mvn package), you run it from [dspace-src]/dspace/.   Mark is suggesting that we make it so that both are run from [dspace-src]/dspace/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; What other examples exist of cutting multi-module releases from a peer module, rather than a parent? It's rather illogical for the Maven project hierarchy, and leads to issues like having to use specific options for opening / importing projects into IDEs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Actually I had often wondered why we do the packaging down in dspace (but so far have been too lazy to work it out for myself).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; It would be nice if it could be done from a pom at the root of the project. Feels more intuitive.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: I did a dspace-release peer, that works ok too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/branches/dspace-async-release/dspace-release/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/branches/dspace-async-release/dspace-release/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ repo - Revision 6584: /dspace/branches/dspace-async-release/dspace-release ] - <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/branches/dspace-async-release/dspace-release/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/branches/dspace-async-release/dspace-release/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; robint: i agree.  if handed any random maven project, i would expect to be able to run a mvn package in the root.  don't know if it's worth shifting things toward this so late in the game though.  something to think about though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, taking a step back here -- what is the root issue around Maven 3 + DSpace?  Is there a simple fix we can apply, and then rework other stuff later as needed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The problem with the pom at the root of the project is that it is easily confused with dspace/pom.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Heh, you would be disappointed if you tried to build Cocoon.  I never *did* find the place it all builds from.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mhwood: currently, it's possible to do a 'mvn package' in the root, and it will build all the modules, and then do the assembly in 'dspace'. 'dspace' doesn't actually need the profile / module definitions that it has, and can take the artifacts from the repository. But the assembly it's doing is something quite specific, and apart from what you would want to do in the parent.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mdiggory: That's good to know. But specifically, I would like to know what other projects in the real world have been organised in this fashion, rather than 'is it possible'.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Another point in moving the parent pom is to eliminate reliance upon it over time, to reach a point where add modules can be checked out as sibling directories next to your dspace-xxx projects and easily included in dspace/pom.xml without getting your svn tree confused.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; tdonohue: yes, there is a simple solution. Remove the profile / modules from the dspace/pom.xml that activate dspace-api, dspace-jspui, etc. if present. You can build across everything by doing 'mvn package' in root, or simply assemble from the artifacts in your local Maven repository by doing the package in 'dspace'.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: I've encountered bugginess in Intellij when doing this approach, that si why I moved the dspace-parent to its own project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; what sort of 'bugginess'?  admittedly, grahamtriggs approach does sound simple for 1.8.0 -- although, it sounds like 'mvn package' now would need to happen from [dspace-src] (root folder)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; it doesn't detect the dspace-xx projects as present in the filesystem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and thus doesn't add them tot he maven reactor</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mdiggory: what kind of bugs? I've seen a very occassional issue with it renaming projects, but normally it's fine. And deleting .idea files and re-importing is not especially onorous if needs be, as you should be relying on the definitions within the Maven files, rather than settings directly within IDEA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue doesn't know what that means, as a NetBeans user</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Don't look at /me, an Eclipse user.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you know, whatever... every time I come up with a solution recently, it gets bombarded by you guys.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; don't you want a better DSpace?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I've never had a problem with detecting projects by loading the pom.xml in the root directory. If you are loading it from 'dspace', then maybe I can see why it might have problems activating the profiles</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think some want five small solutions that add up, rather than one big one that's harder to grasp.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i'm not taking sides here, honestly.  Just looking for *simple* (as we are so late in the game).  Either is good by me, or something "in between".  At this point, my preference falls to "whatever doesn't drastically change things or confuse people"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; no, I think generally, everyone just starts panicing as soon as you suggest moving a file somewhere else</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you guys are welcome to provide your own solutions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The current way we build stuff just kind of appeared, and I know that I at least don't feel that I fully understand it even after, what, a couple of years?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I proposed mine.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; Err... I proposed mine in the same email that I first reported the issue with building using Maven 3 on the 14th January....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I can take some time to dig into Ds-881 this week as well, and we can move this discussion to DS-881</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-881">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-881</a> ] - [#DS-881] DSpace doesn&amp;#39;t build properly with Maven 3 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; gotta run all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.65.163) Quit (Quit: sandsfish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Since we are nearing the end of our hour here...the big question is: Are we still on schedule for 1.8.0?  <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.8.0+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.8.0+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 1.8.0 Notes - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.8.0+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.8.0+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: I think so :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Specifically, are we all still comfortable with a Testathon starting Sept 5 (NOTE: this is Labor Day Holiday in USA)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue:whats your view ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The reason I ask, is that we probably need to announce Testathon *at least* a week in advance.  One week in advance would be on Monday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: Do you think you will be able to pick up the Tombstone stuff ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: why didn't you just commit it then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger is gearing up for an Oracle-backed testathon instance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; my view is that we are starting to get to a point where it might be more "comfortable" to think about moving Testathon back a week. (which I know moves everything else back)   I worry that we won't have our Documentation all ready (which should preferrably be ready for testathon)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: I know what you mean. Could we delay a decision until Friday ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we can do that. I just wanted to note a concern and see what others thought :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; for entirely selfish reasons, I'd love it if testathon didn't start on my birthday (Sept 5) :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I suspect I am in denial :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; List of things left to be done before testathon: announce testathon, stabilize code (seems stable though), get a first draft of all docs done, Release 1.8.0RC1, update demo.dspace.org with RC1, get other test instances as necessary</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; hpottinger: As good a reason as any !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; most of this isn't too bad... but our documentation is sorely lacking.  I'm not sure all new features have docs yet, and our Configuration docs are all wrong now (with the config file changes), and we haven't started Update or Install docs yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; just wanted to note this all :)   (not trying to complain, just being realistic about where we are at)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: If you think it would be advisable to make the decision now then let do it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we can wait until Friday. If we make some headway before then, we may be fine.  But, if not much has been changed, we may want to push back</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I would till be keen to not delay the feature freeze much longer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; obviously we're over time here.  So, best to wrap this all up for today.  Any parting thoughts?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; So that any extra time would be used for the things you list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: agreed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Thanks to KevinVdV and hpottinger for the extended working hours !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds like we're done for today then.  I'll hang out a bit if anything comes up. But, feel free to head out if you need to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, thanks KevinVdV &amp; hpottinger for the hard work on these last few features</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Gotta go.  Thanks, everyone!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; hpottinger: Back to DS994</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:10ab:21e:4fff:feba:a425) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'm not sure ShibAuthentication should return false</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; for canSelfRegister?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* whays (~chatzilla@FEORNESWID.MIT.EDU) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; yeah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Its  strangely named method</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; It also duplicates the dspace.cfg settings about can self register.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So some authN methods, like shib and ldap, always return true, but handle that logic in the authenticate() method.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Signing off see you guys later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; mdiggory: I asked for comments, and someone came back with an alternative proposal!!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C156FD.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I've changed it to return false, and my patch for DS-994 works, stuartlewis, what does ldap return for canselfregister?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-994">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-994</a> ] - [#DS-994] Add allow/deny rules for self-registration in the simple password authentication module - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; grahamtriggs: Could you post your alternative proposal to Jira so people can compare at liesure ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; return ConfigurationManager.getBooleanProperty("authentication-ldap", "autoregister");</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; hpottinger: I think the problem is that AuthenticationManager.canselfregister checks them all at once</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; robint - yes, sounds likely.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; robint: yes, and any true is considered good enough</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; The authentication stack isn't good at separating out which bit of config applies to which authN method, and only applying the correct one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; If the user is going to authenticate using using passowrd authentication then ...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; the fact that they can selfregister using ShibAuthentication shouldn't come into it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Note:- I'm making this up as I go along !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yep - that's correct.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Not sure how easy it is to split this stuff up though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I was unsure of a "proper" solution, but I do know that there's no such thing as a way to self-register via Shib, so figured returning false for that method was accurate, and happened to help me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Do you have both password and shib authN options enabled?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yes, we do, stuartlewis</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Comments from the code, aplogies for the length...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Doh! Won't paste properly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Shib for campus auth, password for everything else (visiting folks, or "just because")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Look at the comments for canselfregister in AuthenticationMethod</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I think all Shib people do 'selfRegister'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; So true is the correct return value</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; selfRegister just appears to mean that an admin doesn't have to define you as an eperson</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; ah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; and that is true for people using Shib</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; gulp</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; the eperson rec will get created aautomatically when they first login</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; ... I think</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* grahamtriggs new game - lets make hpottinger gulp....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; this is correct, and I am drinking tea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; The problem is that if the person logging in will not, or could not, use Shib</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; then AuthorisationManager shouldn't be checking to see what ShibAuthentication returns</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Its that darn loop in AuthenticationManager.caanselfregisster</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Don't know what the fix is though :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; hmm... as it stands now, does the canSelfRegister method on PasswordAuthentication actually work?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Yes, if its not part of a stack</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; My guess is they all work individually</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; That is each implementer of AuthenticationMethod</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; At this point my knowledge gets sketchy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; If you have a stack does the user always get presented with a list of methods to choose from ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; Right, well, if we're going to solve this, you need to [be able to] define a source for each of the authorization rules</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Or does it fall through the stack ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Explain more G ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; the authorization rules need to be tied back to an authenticationmethod, or be marked as manually assigned. That way, we can always update the authorization rules associated to any specific authenticationmethod whenever someone logs on via that method</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; but logging on via Shibboleth (for example) wouldn't then clear out any other rules created via other means (ie. manually)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'm getting out of my depth :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Very sorry but I'm going to have to duck out now. We can resume again tomorrow. Cheers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (5229fe9f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.159) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; grahamtriggs that would address the problem that DS-994 is attempting to address, it would not address this as-yet-to-be-reported issue with canSelfRegister and the implicit OR logic of the loop in the stackable auth</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-994">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-994</a> ] - [#DS-994] Add allow/deny rules for self-registration in the simple password authentication module - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, I'm thinking the way past this is to perhaps change the logic that's allowing selfregistration for password to not use authentication manager's canSelfRegister method, but instead use the canSelfRegister method for the password module</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; although changing the authorization rules representation is a database change, and fixing the logic / configuration of the authentication methods isn't - which means that either needs to be addressed now, or wait a year. The logic fixes can happen in a bug fix release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; my brain is trying to tell me I should be looking at flowscript for XMLUI, and I'm out of my depths for JSPUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; grahamtriggs, I think I'm hearing that we don't really need these new rules for password auth, and can tackle the real issue identified in Ds-994 in any release, new or bugfix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz_OSU&gt; grahamtriggs I'm planning to merge Robert's GSOC changes into webmvc trunk some time this week. I've already left my final eval in the gsoc app.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; grahamtriggs, I'm thinking I'll make two new issues, one regarding the problem with authorizations being lost when using mixed authentication methods, and another a new issue for the problem with AuthenticationManager's canSelfRegister method, I think you're right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Ds-994 can then be closed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bojans (~Bojmen@62.68.103.128) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:20]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger has to go, another appointment, thanks folks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (80cea2c6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.162.198) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-216-7.sd.sd.cox.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>