<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2011-08-03
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:10ab:21e:4fff:feba:a425) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:10ab:21e:4fff:feba:a425) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:10ab:21e:4fff:feba:a425) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* survery (~thomas@dslb-178-007-120-202.pools.arcor-ip.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* survery (~thomas@dslb-178-007-120-202.pools.arcor-ip.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* barmintor is now known as ba_mtg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (KevinVdV@d54C14FE4.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ba_mtg is now known as barmintor</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* BramDS (~anonymous@94-224-17-72.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5229fe9f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.159) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, reminder our DSpace Devel Mtg is here in about 10mins: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-08-03">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-08-03</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2011-08-03 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-08-03">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-08-03</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (80cea2c6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.162.198) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (80cea2c6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.162.198) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome. It's that time again...time for the weekly DSpace Devel meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll start as usual with JIRA Reviews.  Here's the list of tickets to be reviewed: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-864+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-864+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-864+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-864+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-864">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-864</a> ] - [#DS-864] Fix/cleanup code to ensure it is well documented - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; starting with DS-864</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-864">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-864</a> ] - [#DS-864] Fix/cleanup code to ensure it is well documented - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmm.. this ticket is a bit general.  PeterDietz, were their specific examples here for Ds-864?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Looks like a placeholder for us all to use</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; yes, placeholder</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, well, we can skip it then, and move on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DS-868</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-868">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-868</a> ] - [#DS-868] Collection trail with discovery module is not working - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; interesting. this sounds like a bug, but needs verification it looks like</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; This one has already been fixed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Excellent! Could you update the Jira issue ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I cannot close it since I don't have the rights to do that but I can comment on it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Doh! That would be appreciated.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Will comment in a second, searching the JIRA where it was fixe</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV: adding a comment would be good.  We can close it after that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks KevinVdV!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (80cea2c6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.162.198) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, we'll move on then, since Ds-868 is fixed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up DS-870</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-870">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-870</a> ] - [#DS-870] pt_BR translation errors - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, Claudia has this one...we'll skip it then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@18.111.77.194) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DS-872</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-872">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-872</a> ] - [#DS-872] Community-based feedback - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; *Commented*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks again KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Looks like Claudia has grabbed 872</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; you mean 870, robint?  872 is unclaimed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Doh! I do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 872 sounds sensible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd be ok with 872 -- though I had never run into this in the past, to be honest.  What do others think?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; our feedback all goes to our repository-support-team's group list serv</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ...they fan out any requests from there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, that's how we used to manage it as well, when I was at U of Illinois -- it all went to a listserv</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we've mostly focused on using the Community/Collection Admin group to manage such emailing logic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I could see a use case for a shared repository for a consortium, or a multi-campus university</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'd almost always suggest not adding yet another "collection/community" mapping to the space c.fg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'd rather see a Role "Feedback Recipients" and a Groups/EPersons Attached to it in the DB somehow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; You mean:  invent a "gets feedback" permission and grant that to some group on some container?  Interesting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; for instance, if we were to approach this in the XMLUI, we'd create an aspect, model and db table to support the admin adding removing users from the listing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; well, I know a "permission" is a bit of a stretch....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's what ACLs have.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I like that idea, mdiggory.  Either that, or just have the option to send feedback to anyone who is in the Community Admin group or Collection Admin group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well, any volunteers to work with this patch a bit? or provide more detailed feedback in the comments on how to improve?  It sounds like the *idea* is sound, just that there are some concerns about the exact patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; ACL approach is kind of a backdoor way to make this into container metadata.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I won't have time pre feature freeze</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we may play with the patch here in Missouri, would need to see how the managers felt about it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; hpottinger: Please do. Any feedback very welcome</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks hpottinger.  Yea, just to be clear, I wasn't anticipating this would be in 1.8...I figured it'd be post-1.8 unless anyone has significant time in next few weeks (which is unlikely)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry, multitasking...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ds-872 Summary: hpottinger will look at &amp; investigate.  likely post-1.8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DS-873</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-873">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-873</a> ] - [#DS-873] Creative commons license bundle on embargoed item will cause internal system errors on item pages - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we can provide some design guidance if the authors are interested in rewriting it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Are we still storing CC the same after the MIT patch?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; not sure, richardrodgers are you around?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yes I am - what is the question?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ds-873 looks like a definite bug, and the patch looks good to me (thanks KevinVdV), but we'd need to be sure it doesn't conflict with the MIT CC work coming in 1.8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'll take a quick look again, but I think the patch is fine, and does not conflct with new work..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good.  anyone want to volunteer to commit this immediately?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; there is still (at least on one configuration) a CC license bundle</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I was intending to pick up Wendy's CC patches so I'll grab this too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ds-873 Summary: assign robint.  he'll commit for 1.8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that sounds like a good idea robint</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, we'll stop JIRA review now.  We can always do a bit more if we run out of things to discuss now :)   Essentially, the rest of the meeting was just for open discussion on 1.8.0 features</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I have some small things that may be included in DSpace 1.8.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, anyone have any specific updates for us on 1.8 stuff?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; If I make take the "floor"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; go ahead KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; First one (already approved last week but not committed as far as I know)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-961">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-961</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-961">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-961</a> ] - [#DS-961] Oracle update sequence script can result in deleted sequences - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [#DS-961] Oracle update sequence script can result in deleted sequences - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-961">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-961</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; did we get a volunteer on DS-961? I don't remember?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-961">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-961</a> ] - [#DS-961] Oracle update sequence script can result in deleted sequences - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I remember it getting a lot of +1's</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; But not a real volunteer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Did we decide on its inclusion?  I am ok with it because we run this in some production instances</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, looking back, we discussed on 7/20. <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2011-07-20">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2011-07-20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot ] - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2011-07-20">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2011-07-20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we voted for inclusion, but no one volunteered to commit it.  So, if someone would claim &amp; commit it for 1.8.0, that'd be good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Its that old problem of a lack of people with Oracle to test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory, you want to commit it, since you all are doing production oracle?    I'd volunteer, but I don't have Oracle locally to test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Assign me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; So on to the next one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-980">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-980</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-980">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-980</a> ] - [#DS-980] Upgraded solr &amp;amp; lucene to version 3.3.0 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, mdiggory will assign himself to Ds-961 ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [#DS-980] Upgraded solr &amp; lucene to version 3.3.0 - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-980">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-980</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; DS-951 also needs to be tested with Oracle -- really just to make sure the syntax doesn't break</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-951">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-951</a> ] - [#DS-951] Monthly stats report ignores items archived on first and last day of the month - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; (sorry for butting in, KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks aschweer, good to know.  could @mire try and confirm Ds-951 too?    (Although to note, since we are talking about *bugs* these can be verified &amp; committed *after* feature freeze as needed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bojans (~Bojmen@62.68.103.162) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; (ah good to know, thanks for clarifying tdonohue)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; TBH we are not running the reporting on oracle because we run our stats in most cases…</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes...just a general FYI, anything that is a *bug* can be committed after Feature Freeze.  Anything that is a *New Feature* or *Improvement* should be committed before Feature Freeze (may be rare exceptions, but they need to be approved by Robin &amp; Committers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The patch looks simple though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; mdiggory: yeah it's embarrassingly simple, but I guessed with the oracle syntax</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; aschweer: you've tested this locally?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; we're running this on our 4 production servers, but they're all postgres</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; anyone else in this IRC room running Oracle DB, and be willing to do a quick verification of the small DS-951 patch for aschweer?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-951">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-951</a> ] - [#DS-951] Monthly stats report ignores items archived on first and last day of the month - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; We are, and I'm happy to give a patch a whirl</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; thanks hpottinger!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks hpottinger!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not anything weird… <a href="http://download.oracle.com/docs/html/A95915_01/sqopr.htm#i1004774">http://download.oracle.com/docs/html/A95915_01/sqopr.htm#i1004774</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ SQL Operators ] - <a href="http://download.oracle.com/docs/html/A95915_01/sqopr.htm#i1004774">http://download.oracle.com/docs/html/A95915_01/sqopr.htm#i1004774</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, jumping back now to DS-980, which KevinVdV mentioned earlier as ready for 1.8.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-980">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-980</a> ] - [#DS-980] Upgraded solr &amp;amp; lucene to version 3.3.0 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Thx tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* PeterDietz does not like weird things, such as:     availableCollection |= getAvailableCollection();</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Changes: This release adds grouping/field collapsing. It has improved autocomplete/suggest capabilities. It has switched to a more efficient default merge policy. Improved stemming capabilities for English</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This is the first release since the Lucene/Solr merge and hence Solr's version number was bumped up to match Lucene (Solr 3.1 contains Lucene 3.1). Highlights include Numeric range facets, Spatial search, Velocity driven search UI at <a href="http://localhost:8983/solr/browse,">http://localhost:8983/solr/browse,</a> a new termvector-based highlighter, an extended dismax (edismax) query parser, a new Auto Suggest component, the ability to sort by functions, JSON document indexing, </span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; response format, and Apache UIMA integration for metadata extraction</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; overall, going to 3.3.0 would seem a wise decision</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, I'm assuming all seems to be working well with 3.3.0 in place?  I'm all for upgrading (as I know we are on rather old versions of Lucene &amp; Solr)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I've reviewed the changes to DSIndexer and DSQuery and they are mostly administrative adjustments to changes in Lucene Constants,</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I have tested the patch locally ofc &amp; here it does appear to work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; have we done regressions in non-SOLR contexts?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood would love to see a Maven plugin to report:  the following dependencies/plugins are such old versions they are beginning to smell, please consider upgrading.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers: the patch looks to include fixes to all our DSQuery stuff which is straight Lucene too... so, it's not just Solr fixes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Yeah solr &amp; lucene received the same version number as of 3.x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Solr solr went from 1.4.1 =&gt; 3.0.0 &amp; lucene from 2.9.3 =&gt; 3.0.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood +1 (not sure how to do that though, but it'd be nice)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Goody, my brand new Solr 1.4 book is already obsolete.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Sorry mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Just realizing…. do we not have "ANY" DSQuery or DSIndexer tests at all in dspace-api?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mhwood: :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: ugh. :(   we aren't doing so well at adding new Unit Tests (myself included)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: no worries, you can sell it on amazon for $0.25</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: This is where you come in and say...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I've fixed all our problems with getting the JUnit testing environment synced with the space/config dir</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well, I'd be +1 getting DS-980 committed for 1.8.0, since it sounds stable.  It seems like something we can "bang on" during Testathon and find if anything Search/Browse related isn't working 100% right.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-980">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-980</a> ] - [#DS-980] Upgraded solr &amp;amp; lucene to version 3.3.0 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; +1 on adding it now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Feel free to "bang on it" ...... if you can find anything wrong with it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sorry, learning to write Maven plugins so I can write the plugin to hack the config so I can port the testing framework out of dspace-api so I can test in dspace-stats.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mhwood: I would like to see a plugin that prevents me from buying soon to be outdated books</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; There is one more rather small JIRA of mine remaining (for today)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; robint: its maven-bittorrent-plugin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any other 1.8.0 things to discuss/approve/review today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-981">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-981</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-981">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-981</a> ] - [#DS-981] Created a DSpace API module to contain api changes - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [#DS-981] Created a DSpace API module to contain api changes - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-981">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-981</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; The last one of mine for today I promise</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; This is something that I have to do time &amp; time again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Would be nice to have it in DSpace &amp; save me the time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; KevinVdV: richardrodgers, tdonohue and I were chatting about something analogous with a "cli" module as well… <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/branches/dspace-async-release/dspace/modules/cli/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/branches/dspace-async-release/dspace/modules/cli/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ repo - Revision 6523: /dspace/branches/dspace-async-release/dspace/modules/cli ] - <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/branches/dspace-async-release/dspace/modules/cli/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/branches/dspace-async-release/dspace/modules/cli/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; adding both cli and api provides a conventional place to drop custom code for "just cli" or "for all modules"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; *Agrees with mdiggory*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; At first glance I like the idea, need to go away and look at the implementation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll admit, I personally had never really used a [dspace-src]/dspace/modules/api/ overlay.  But, it seems like it could be useful (perhaps even to "install an addon" into all of DSpace, like dspace-replicate).  What do others think of this idea?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: minor clarification, its a jar dependency, not an overlay</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; So how does it override classes ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, I totally missed that.  I *assumed* it was in overlay, cause it was in the overlays directory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; or does it not ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; If an existing DSpace-api is put into it it WILL have top prior</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; &amp; override them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; robint: we do not condone or advocate overriding classes, but, yes, you could</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; This makes it easy to keep all your changed DSpace classes in a single module</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; it pretty much looks like what we do -- it's not an overlay, but since 'api' comes before 'dspace-api', classes in it override dspace-api classes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if dspace-api were dspace-impl, we'ed have a whole lot more letters in the alphabet to accomplish overrides in the "dspace-" jar prefix … ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; didn't grahamtriggs say though that it's sufficient to put the dependency in modules/pom.xml (no need to put it in the individual modules' pom.xml files)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, let me get this straight...anything you put in /modules/api/ would be compiled into an 'api.jar'?  And you can also use it to add in new JAR dependencies for all DSpace modules?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; aschweer: there is a problem with doing that atm, because those dependencies leak into the sold web app as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Yes tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sold = solr   (stink in Lion)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; gah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; mdiggory: ah good to know, I was a little worried about that myself (we have the dependency just in those modules that need it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: stink in Lion?  what are you trying to say (laughing....)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I look at the keyboard while typing, not the screen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; OSX Lion keeps "correcting" me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; "stinkin'", a term of disapprobation, I guess.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.  My only concern with this /modules/api/ is that we probably want some decent documentation explaining it, how to take advantage of it, and how it differs from the other Overlay directories (or is similar).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; even corrected stinkin to "stink in"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, essentially, I'd be +1...but, I'd like to see some sort of basic docs with it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (cause, honestly, I did assume it was an overlay, and that it would create a new 'dspace-api.jar'....and I wonder if others will wrongly assume the same thing)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; At least it didn't change it to "wonderful Lion, go buy your copy today!"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Will do, feel free to comment in it &amp; I will see to it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, because it introduces a convention, docs would basically say "add customized code needing to go into all space webappa and cli in the api project.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Can I throw one more Jira issue in the pot ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; DS-881</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-881">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-881</a> ] - [#DS-881] DSpace doesn't build properly with Maven 3 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: overlays don't "repackage" jars, only wars</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; robint: some of our async work correct this by cleaning out duplicate profiles in dspace-parent and dspace/pom.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this could be made into a smaller patch for 1.8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mdiggory: I hoped that might be the case</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: yea, I forgot about that -- but, I still think it's worth clarifying in some sort of documentation.  Especially cause Ds-981 is different from overlays and yet it sits alongside the overlays...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we all use the modules directory for more than just overalys</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, please please please...we need a fix for Ds-881 in 1.8 :) (just my opinion)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but I agree.  docs will be good...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: no we don't?  not out of the box as far as I know...it's all overlays of wars right now isn't it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ok… well, <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/branches/dspace-async-release/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/branches/dspace-async-release/</a>   has the cli, a fix for maven 3 and some work on repackaging the space-release prices in it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ repo - Revision 6523: /dspace/branches/dspace-async-release ] - <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/branches/dspace-async-release/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/branches/dspace-async-release/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; in any case, yes, it's all about needing better docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: I'm just saying we do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; prices = process</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I can separate out the cli / maven 3 fixes….</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  any last things to discuss?  I notice we are over time now..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mdiggory: that would be much appreciated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: sounds good to me as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Seems mhwood is working on some testing assemblies…  I'd like to briefly discuss separating out the last feature thats in the branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Apologies but I have to go. Thanks all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that is dspace-parent moves to its own project and dspace-release is created to support packaging the releases within, but exculted from the source</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (5229fe9f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.159) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I have to leave too. bye everyone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; building all modules (including dspace-xxx then happens in the space dir as usual</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; space= dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: sounds logical enough to me, based on that simple description.  It'd be good if we did exclude all our Maven Release stuff in the Source Release (-src-release.zip), as users really don't need that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, the change in adding dspace-release means that the release assemblies are under space trunk and not off in a separate plugin no one "knew about"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* gaurav_kl (75c6251d@gateway/web/freenode/ip.117.198.37.29) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, obviously it sounds like users could no longer run 'mvn package' from [dspace-src] (as there would no longer be a pom.xml there).... but, they shouldn't have been doing that anyways (hopefully).  Just wanted to make that clear if others aren't following completely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So, I will break these up and if we have some consensus on the api/cli addition task I'd take ownership</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So then what do *we* do?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you go into /dspace/ and run it there… the way described in the documents</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood : also, the difference for releases would be that a committer would perform the release from [dspace-src]/dspace-release/ *instead of* just [dspace-src]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and theres no longer confusion if one should run mvn package at [dspace-src] or [dspace-src]/dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: i'd say create a new Jira task for the dspace-parent &amp; dspace-release changes.  I think they sound like a good idea, and shouldn't affect anything else.  But, that way others can comment, if they aren't here right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yep...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I know we are over into GSoC time… I ask that folks please do continue to respond to the Domain Model email thread in devel….</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I've proposed some alternatives there and want to see about getting this cleared up by the freeze</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; gotta run, thanks all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@18.111.77.194) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-845">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-845</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-845">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-845</a> ] - [#DS-845] Support for DSpace Domain Model Interfaces - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [#DS-845] Support for DSpace Domain Model Interfaces - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-845">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-845</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, i'll try and revisit as well, mdiggory.  would definitely be good to hear from others on it too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; is that it for today? (noticing we've already lost many -- which is fine, as we are in 'overtime')</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yeah, I have to run too.  'bye all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Suggest opening for floor for GSoC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:10ab:21e:4fff:feba:a425) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds good. Devel Meeting is now closed.  Moving on to GSoC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (80cea2c6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.162.198) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, anyone with GSoC topics/comments/questions can feel free to take the "floor"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; hi.just to give the status update..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snail&gt; BTW guys, i've just hacked dspace2redif to couple with full unicode. i've fed the changes upstream, but sample code is in <a href="http://researcharchive.vuw.ac.nz/local/RePEc/">http://researcharchive.vuw.ac.nz/local/RePEc/</a> the capsule summary is that you need to output a BOM in the file because the infrastrcuture assumes windows charsets are in use</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Index of /local/RePEc ] - <a href="http://researcharchive.vuw.ac.nz/local/RePEc/">http://researcharchive.vuw.ac.nz/local/RePEc/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Got to run</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (KevinVdV@d54C14FE4.access.telenet.be) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; m working on  finishing the porting of the DescribeStep..Will be finishing porting all the current steps by this week..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This is good to hear…. question…. are any of the classes you've borrowed from the Config Reviewer Workflow under their original package /class names?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; no.i dont think so..i changed the classnames  to match the "submission" naming</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; there are Role</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; related classes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; but I haven't used them till now in my submission process</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; just made the UI to create/edit role</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ok, this is good to know…  Pay attention to the following patch s well.. we are still adjusting a few things in it <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DSRV-17">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DSRV-17</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DSRV-17">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DSRV-17</a> ] - [#DSRV-17] Loading spring files from {dspace.dir}/config/spring could cause some modules to stop working - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [#DSRV-17] Loading spring files from {dspace.dir}/config/spring could cause some modules to stop working - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DSRV-17">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DSRV-17</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; If the configurable submission is configured in the Service Manager and the xmlui classes are not available to the jspui the service manager will break...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; oh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this is work to assure separate spring configuration is possible for xmlu, jspui, cli, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; should the spring file be in confog/spring folder..currenntly they are in config folder</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think the big question is more "how" are you loading them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you should try to keep your iml files out of the source tree....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace">https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ gauravkl/DSpace - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace">https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I bet your using the older "separate" Spring config for Submission</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The configurable reviewer workflow patch that should be attached by the end of this week actually utilizes the service manager spring context to register the workflow steps for the Workflow manager rather than a separate spring config</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok.so we will have one single spring file which will contain configs for everything</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; no, it would more than likely be a directory structure of spring configs  config/spring/xmlui/...   config/spring/jspui/...  config/spring/lni/.…</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; gaurav_kl: should not be much work to change your current code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah.i think i'll just need to change at one point where i retrieve the bean</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; indeed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; BramDS: I was chatting with kevin about the patch for supporting this and I had some concerns… It was possible in the past to call into the workflow and advance items/change steps via writing code in cli...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* barmintor (barmintor@specdl11.cul.columbia.edu) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Would this still be possible with the new config?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; hmmm not sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; haven't seen him today because I was not in the office</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; but he told me he would explain the issue tomorow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; do we have conventions for "common" spring files that should load for all "contexts"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; will make sure we look into it before releasing the patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; was that question for me mdiggory ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; oh :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; I think it is best to ask kevin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; he did most of the spring-related development</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, Kevin and I have been working together on dspace-services spring configuration loading off and on for the last few months.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; I assume that if there are any conventions, he will apply them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thats just it…. there arn't</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; oh ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; could be useful</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; will discuss this with him</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; and let you know the result of the discussion to allow you to feedback</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; theres an email from me on the way soon anyhow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; ok perfect</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; gaurav_kl, mdiggory, do you need me for any other comments/questions?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; otherwise, I'm off, it's been a long day</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I wonder if we should discuss hooks for transitioning from workflow to submission</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; might be interesting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; theres two areas… (1) loading the Describe Step into Workflow cleanly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; (2) if Item is rejected from workflow, how do we know which submission system to return it to?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; by this u mean "old or new</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; (1) would this mean that the submission would become part of the wf?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; (2) I wouls say, use the one that is configured at that moment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; or do we support both the old and the new submission system at the same time?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; No, I'm referring more to how the Reviewer editing the metadata utilizes the Describe Step to do it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; for (1) I mean</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; oh I see</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; by (2) is that just using WorkspaceItem?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; i think (10 can be done in a better manner once I finish the porting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; (1)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; I would use the describestep as a workflow step as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; I assume the fields displayed by the describestep will still come from input-forms.xml?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; in that case I would just duplicate the describestep</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Do we share Step/Action Spring configs across both Workflow and Submission</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; maybe add some code to support wf-only metadata fields</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; mdiggory: good question</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; maybe not in a first version</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; but in case we would tighten the integration in the future</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; for that we already have the "scope" parameter..will that not work?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; i think it should ork</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; in the input-forms.xml we have a parameter "scope"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; are you talking about "workflow-editable"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; oh..yeah..sorry</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; meant that only</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; is workflow-editable currently supported?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; by the describestep?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; i think so</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, but its very wonky… its one conditional statement that blocks adding form fields if the step is being rendered in workflow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; gaurav_kl: what are are your thoughts on producing a version of Submission that is based on Spring but not be database driven? Sort of a "halfway point" where Submission and Workflow "merging" could be worked on?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; guys sorry but I have to leave, in case you have any questions, you can always send me an email</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I understand, its late there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; indeed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; gaurav_kl: its late for you as well right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; cu all, have a nice day or night</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; hehe..yeah..changed my schedule a bit..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* BramDS (~anonymous@94-224-17-72.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: BramDS)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; i am not surea bout going no-DB driven</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; do u mean not storing Actions in the DB</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Basically, it would be using the spring to continue to support the step, action definitions, but using the old item-submission.xml for mat to support enduser configuration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; basically, what I'm determining is if there is a clean point where we could make a contribution to 1.8 with that does not destabilize it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok..i think to make it work with the current implemetaion we may need to make a way to port item-submissions.xml properties suitablty to DB</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This is just risk analysis on making a contribution.  Trying to verify your timeline against the space 1.8 code freeze timeline</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; direclty populating from the XMl would be diffuclt in my curent implemeation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; we can have CMD to import from XML to DB</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ok, that'll suffice</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; another question…</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; are you dealing at all with the case that someone may try to alter the submission process while items are in it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; IE, there would be a step id for the item</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; no..haven't worked on that part..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; what should we be doing in that case</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; basically the case where items exist in submission, have moved to a specific step, but then the collection admin changes the submission process… if that step were to be "removed", then the workspace item would be "out of sync" with the "submission process"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; maybe just use foreign key constraints… block altering the submission process until all items are removed from it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah.that wil be better..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or… another possibility is to "reset" any state in the workspace item to force it back to the beginning of the submission process</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or… int he case there is ever an "error" in matching the workspace item to a workflow stage, just default to the first step and reset the items state</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; workflow stage = submission process step</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah..this is a better approach i think..we can keep the earlier metadata  of the item as it is though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok..will implement that part..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; excellent</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; one query i have is regarding UserSelectionAction</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; do we have any in the Submission Process</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; like there was in Workflow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; i dont think we need it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; in submission</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; there is a thing called Supervised subimissions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; which i think is listed along with unfinished submissions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; that is where i think the Roles thing will be utilized</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm struggling to remember what supervised "meant" in dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; its tha same like u once suggested regarding multiple "users" submitting the same "item"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; User selection in the workflow case is to assign the task to a user (I think)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; like the thesis-guide</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; There might be a use case for User Selection, but I would stick to the default steps for now, given the time crunch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I would remove any code that is not going to be used as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok.yeah will do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We can always work on "add ons" for space that provide new steps...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; hmm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; When do you move to TAMU? or have you already?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; no..i will be leaving on 13th from India..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; will be trying to finish the work before that..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Understandable...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; are you very busy when you first arrive?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; when do classes begin?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; no.just few formal procedures</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; classes begin after 29th i think</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; checkin is on 16th</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; though i will be working on the project also</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; so that we can make it adaptable to 1.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; 1.8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; just mean to finish the major work before leaving</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes… another thought if there are concerns about delivering it in the 1.8 feature freeze timeframe….</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Can you identify only the changes that would be needed to "switch between" legacy submission and some other version that is available int he service manager?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Lets look at your code for a moment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; <a href="https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/resources/aspects/Submission/submission.js">https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/resources/aspects/Submission/submission.js</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/resources/aspects/Submission/submission.js at master from gauravkl/DSpace - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/resources/aspects/Submission/submission.js">https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/resources/aspects/Submission/submission.js</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; i think the major change are  in submissioncontrol  method in the flowscript</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So the Submission process in effect is chosen via the enable aspect?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah.it is retrieved from the DB from collection2process mapping..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; What if you just copied the whole "submission" aspect into a new directory and modified it such that you switch off the legacy submission aspect and enable the new aspect to switch to the new submission process?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah i think that can be done...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; is there a way to just switch off one of the "aspects"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; You've sear pated all the other code/tables in dspace-api and dspace-api-xmlui right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; xmlui.xconf</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sear pated = separated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Seems the entire thing could be an add-on if that were the case</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah.much of it is separated..can separate some part where I had earlier removed the old code....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; step 1 : add dependencies on submission 2.0 add-on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; step 2 : add "submission 2.0" aspect to xmlui.xconf</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; step 3 : apply database update</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; step 4 : import item-submission.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok.for DB then we will need to support both old and new..i was using "workspaceitem" table only till now..should i create another table ..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; in code i created a WorkspaceService class</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but you made a new class "WorkspaceService" right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; but it's using the sme table</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; have to change it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; do we have a listing of database changes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Heres what I recommend you do for both the JIRA task and a wiki page.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; in the wiki i had added the DB chaged ..will update it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 1.) Identify any legacy changes that are being done in dspace-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; to JIRA and wiki both</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 2.) identify and list all database changes / additions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 3.) If we separate this into an add-on, then identify those add-on sources separately</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I would write the wiki page and reference it front he JIRA task</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; wiki page becomes documentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; jura task just identifies the commit and patches</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; hmm.what do u mean by "identifying add-on sources"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; documenation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; related.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so say that it can't get into 1.8 in time… then rather than creating a patch against space trunk, I would hen recommend instead to push the code into "modules" and write it and an xmlui aspect that can be used directly with DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry bad grammar caused by OSX Lion spelling corrections...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok.understood..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the aspect would then be released in a binary form and could be installed into dspace 1.8 by adding it as a dependency in the XMLUI.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; To be able to do this though, you would want to make sure that it was "quite separate"....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and that there was an easy means to automate the database changes (something we really don't have yet in dspace)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; when you reuse the workspaceitem table, do you modify it at all?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah..there are modifications in the table</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; elaborate?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; i have removed the "stage_reache" "page_reaxched" columns</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; and added the "step_id" "action_id"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; the "process_id" can be retrieved from "workspace_item"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; thru "collection"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; earlier "stage_reached" was just the stage number</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; are you documenting these here? <a href="https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/tree/master/dspace/etc">https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/tree/master/dspace/etc</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ dspace/etc at master from gauravkl/DSpace - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/tree/master/dspace/etc">https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/tree/master/dspace/etc</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Hmm....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm thinking... (1) use a completely separate table other than workspaceitem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; (2) your script ports workspaceitems to your new submission table</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; for the existing "workspaceutems"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; (3) adding submission 2.0 aspect to dspace involves only adding database tables</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, for migrating existing workspace items.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; that can be done</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; If we did that, would all your changes then be possible completely outside dspace-api?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; to take this even further....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah..i think the changes can be  moved to modules..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ok, I'm liking this a lot</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; If you do this correctly, we can anticipate the changes to support suing the service amanger and begin work ont hem as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; suing = using</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; meaning</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if you create a an addon project like dspace-discovery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-discovery">https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-discovery</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ dspace-discovery at master from gauravkl/DSpace - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-discovery">https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-discovery</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you can then place your SubmissionService and other dspace-api classes under a sub module dspace-submission-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you can place your xmlui aspects under a separate project dspace-submission-xmlui-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and any webapplication resources under dspace-submission-xmlui-webapp</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; inside dspace-submission-api and dspace-submission-xmlui-api you would add "default" spring configuration that registers all default steps and actions....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; where you would put your aspect.... <a href="https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-xmlui-api/src/main/resources/aspects/Discovery">https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-xmlui-api/src/main/resources/aspects/Discovery</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-xmlui-api/src/main/resources/aspects/Discovery at master from gauravkl/DSpace - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-xmlui-api/src/main/resources/aspects/Discovery">https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-xmlui-api/src/main/resources/aspects/Discovery</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or I mean the analogous location in discovery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok..so is there benefit of going through this method instead of in the dspace/modules</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; here is an example of where you would register the actions/steps that are available by default</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-solr/src/main/resources/spring/spring-dspace-addon-discovery-services.xml">https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-solr/src/main/resources/spring/spring-dspace-addon-discovery-services.xml</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-solr/src/main/resources/spring/spring-dspace-addon-discovery-services.xml at master from gauravkl/DSpace - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-solr/src/main/resources/spring/spring-dspace-addon-discovery-services.xml">https://github.com/gauravkl/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-solr/src/main/resources/spring/spring-dspace-addon-discovery-services.xml</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Only, instead of what you see here, instead you would have what is currently in your spring config.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; You would then switch to a different approach to initialize your SubmisionService...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; making be a real "service" in the "service manager"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; rather than a static manager class</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; to see how to do this properly, look at the classes identified in discovery...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; org.dspace.discovery.SolrServiceImpl</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; But, even this is not the best example...  What I want to teach you how to do is the following</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; When using Spring in the service manager, you can "auto-wire" the beans into the services that use them in the following manner....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; for instance, in this project here: <a href="https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/identifier-services/src/main/resources/spring/spring-dspace-core-services.xml">https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/identifier-services/src/main/resources/spring/spring-dspace-core-services.xml</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; &lt;bean class="org.dspace.identifier.IdentifierServiceImpl" id="org.dspace.identifier.IdentifierServiceImpl" autowire="byType"/&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; will pickup and wire any bean that matches its criteria into its setters</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; &lt;bean class="org.dspace.identifier.HandleIdentifierService" /&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; implements that interface...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so, configuration is entirely left upto spring... you do not do anything like servicemanager.getService(....;.)  blaa blaa blaa</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; All that you need inside your SubmissionService is a setter to set Steps</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; basically an array of steps</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; see here...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/identifier-services/src/main/java/org/dspace/identifier/IdentifierServiceImpl.java">https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/identifier-services/src/main/java/org/dspace/identifier/IdentifierServiceImpl.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; public void setProviders(List&lt;DSpaceIdentifierService&gt; providers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So, to give an example of how this achieves great power for dspace addons... any addon can now define a bean that implements DSpaceIdentifierService and if it registeres it in the spring config... it is available for autowiring</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we wrote a new Identifier Service just for DOIs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/api/src/main/resources/spring/spring-dspace-core-services.xml">https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/api/src/main/resources/spring/spring-dspace-core-services.xml</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; &lt;bean class="org.dspace.identifier.DOIIdentifierService" autowire="byType" scope="singleton"/&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; implmented here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/api/src/main/java/org/dspace/identifier/DOIIdentifierService.java">https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/api/src/main/java/org/dspace/identifier/DOIIdentifierService.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; when the service manager starts, it adds it to the list of providers above.... seamless... no alteration of any configuration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; If you take this approach, you can write "Submission 2.0" as an addon that doesn't need any configuration in the dspace/config directory accept an alteration to xmlui.xconf</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and a modification to the database....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; note... we even automated that last step here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/versioning/versioning-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/versioning/InitializeDatabase.java">https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/versioning/versioning-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/versioning/InitializeDatabase.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this is another addon for dspace that provides Item Versioning support...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; it needs tables added to support tracking versions of dspace items...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this code could be automated such that at startup of dspace, if the tables did not exist, they would be created.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This is the approach that scottatm and others took on "Vireo" as an addon... it creates its own tables via code...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; apart from Discovery is there any area which is using Service currently</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; UsagesStatistics</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; albiet, it needs to be made a little more current</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, its late and I'm now behind</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok..thanks..will go thru the implemation of Service and mail in case of doubt..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; definitely send any questions or look me up on skype, google talk or here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* gaurav_kl (75c6251d@gateway/web/freenode/ip.117.198.37.29) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>