<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2011-07-27
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[2:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dan_davis (183ae85b@gateway/web/freenode/ip.24.58.232.91) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-kornbluth.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-kornbluth.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-kornbluth.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-kornbluth.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@host213-123-239-134.in-addr.btopenworld.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:10ab:21e:4fff:feba:a425) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc__ (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:55]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc__ is now known as bradmc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Quit: Heading out...talk to you later.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp164.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (Quit: scottatm)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@host213-123-239-134.in-addr.btopenworld.com) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* barmintor (barmintor@specdl11.cul.columbia.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (KevinVdV@d54C14F72.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* BramDS (~bram@94-224-17-72.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp164.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (80cea2c6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.162.198) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, in about 10mins, we have our weekly DSpace Devel Mtg here. <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-07-27">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-07-27</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-96-237-109-89.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's that time again.  Here's our agenda for today: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-07-27">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-07-27</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll kick things off with our normal JIRA review.  <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-851+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-851+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; starting with DS-851</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (hmm...no kompewter today?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-851">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-851</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Franoculator (~dennycran@zorin.mpowell.ws) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bojans (~Bojmen@62.68.118.52) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@peterdietz.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hi all (who just joined) -- we're starting with a JIRA review of <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-851">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-851</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@peterdietz.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; DS-851 test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-851">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-851</a> ] - [#DS-851] qualdrop_value required fail - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks PeterDietz :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, starting with DS-851 today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-851">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-851</a> ] - [#DS-851] qualdrop_value required fail - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thoughts? looks like Alex Lemann has verified this as a bug.  Anyone want to try and tackle it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Is this JSPUI only?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm guessing this is a documented feature of input forms?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; comment says both jspui/xmlui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; according to comment, it's both XMLUI &amp; JSPUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; sorry, I've never touched an input-form. Just uploaded modifications of our librarians</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.  Sounds like we have no takers for now. I'll add these notes to comments of Ds-851 and see if someone else in community can provide a patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ds-851 Summary: verified bug, needs a volunteer to provide a patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up DS-852</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-852">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-852</a> ] - [#DS-852] Split the Creative Commons and Licence steps into two seperate steps. - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I think this is done?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, wait, that's assigned to robintaylor (who is on holiday this week).  I'm assuming he has that under control...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm wondering how this will impact the CC Webservices patch from MIT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; already integrated, but good observation mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, we'll move on.  From comments in Ds-852, robint has this all under control</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; excellent….return to lurking mode</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DS-854</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-854">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-854</a> ] - [#DS-854] Licenses on non-DSpace files have been replaced by DSpace boilerplate license - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; crap…..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; this was on release day</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ugh, that's odd. Yea, Ds-854 sounds like we need some more pom.xml exclusions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, it does</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; anyone want to tackle this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; should be handled at the level of thier inclusion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; IE in dspace-xmlui-webapp and dspace-jspui-webapp</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; i vote whoever "included" the autolicensing magic thing... aka mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory crap I gotta get outa here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- do you have the time / inclination to take this on?  If not, I guess I can try and do it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ummm… ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok meaning : assign mdiggory?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, Ds-854 Summary: assign to mdiggory for completion before 1.8.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DS-859</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-859">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-859</a> ] - [#DS-859] DSpace Test supporting files get quickly out of date - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* PeterDietz noticed that mdiggory is typing ellipsises not 3 periods, but a single character dot-dot-dot</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh wait, Ds-859 -- isn't mhwood looking into this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood is looking into that, yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; fs$yet$yes$$</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, Ds-859 Summary: assign mhwood.  He's already looking at it.  If he needs help, he should just yell ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DS-861</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-861">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-861</a> ] - [#DS-861] Salt PasswordAuthentication - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to this idea -- though, I agree with mhwood that salts need to be unique per Eperson.  I'm guessing we may not get this done in time for 1.8.0 though (unless someone wants to run with it in coming weeks)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can work on it but can't promise today that it will land for 1.8.0.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Seems that unless the salt is some locally unique value, most could figure it out from the source code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; even if it were per EPerson</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Doesn't matter:  it makes cracking the hashes more difficult anyway.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; unique, from google analytics code.. wait thats public on page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that's fine by me, mhwood, if you want to take a look at it.  At this point, I wouldn't expect new projects to be completed in time for 1.8.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ds-861 Summary: mhwood will investigate. No promises that it will be ready for 1.8.0.  Likely will have to wait for next major version.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; last one for today, DS-863</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-863">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-863</a> ] - [#DS-863] Still possible to register despite xmlui.user.registration set to false - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; looks like patch &amp; test conducted, just apply</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; patch looks good. looks like a good candidate for 1.8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yep. I'd agree, looks good &amp;  just needs to be applied.  Someone want to apply it for 1.8.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, seems good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; comment at start of codeblock says Preform, not perform (not introduced by patch though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There are scads of "preform"s in various places around DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea -- we have tons of misspellings...some of us aren't the best spellers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; do be do be do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, Ds-863 Summary: Assign tdonohue, he'll just commit it today or tomorrow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll stop JIRA review there for today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The only other topic I had for today was to basically have everyone do updates on 1.8.0.   Robin's on holiday as mentioned, but, we thought it'd be good to get updates on:  "what is still coming?" "what is less likely for 1.8.0 now?" etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.8.0+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.8.0+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 1.8.0 Notes - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.8.0+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.8.0+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I have something that I have been working on, a new configuration for Discovery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-971">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-971</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-971">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-971</a> ] - [#DS-971] New Discovery configuration system - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [#DS-971] New Discovery configuration system - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-971">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-971</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that page has our current "tentative" features....are  all of these still on their way (if they aren't in trunk already)?  Are there any "new features" to expect, or others that won't make it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I can report on a few:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; A Note to All.. Tim and I had a conference call with Apple Inc today, to talk about the iTunes Podcast support coming in 1.8. Expect an announcement, me to commit some patches, and we need volunteer's who've got content they'd like to syndicate to jump in early to start trialing it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its out of order, but we may try to fit the above into 1.8.0 discovery once patches are delivered</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; mdiggory please  take into account the new Discovery configuration: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-971">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-971</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-971">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-971</a> ] - [#DS-971] New Discovery configuration system - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Re Ds-971: I was just looking at that earlier, KevinVdV.  I think the concept looks good. But, I'd want to see the code too.  Plus, we would definitely need to think about how to Transition users from the "old" discovery configs to the new ones (it may just be some clear documentation is needed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [#DS-971] New Discovery configuration system - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-971">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-971</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I will have the code &amp; the first documentation version ready by sunday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; PeterDietz: I'm pondering all the DSpace installs that will suddenly be under massive loads when iTunes starts subscribing to them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Re: PeterDietz's announcement about Apple.  They seem pretty excited about DS-528 coming into 1.8.0.  But, we are also looking for more testers or people who can help provide feedback (even if mainly during Testathon).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-528">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-528</a> ] - [#DS-528] RSS feeds to support richer features, such as iTunes Podcast or Media RSS - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I did a quick look at our apache access logs, and noticed that actual users (non-robots), accounted for about 1/20th of our visitors</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but I assume to be able to search these feeds, is Apple going to be crawling them and adding them to their store? or will this require individual subscription by the end user.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I have an idea for an xmlui theme customized to display audio files. i.e. bitstream = some-file.mp3, It could have a play button next to it that lets you play it from the site.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory is sure its not a big deal</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; PeterDietz: the Ds-528 patch does support an external streaming server, yes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; current practice will be that RepoAdmin adds RSS feed for Collection-X to their iTunes U instance, which apple when then begin crawling the feed periodically</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; no, not really necessary… podcasts would generally be downloaded to iTunes/ipod</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that was a response for hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; PeterDietz, seems sensible...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; the 528 patch does introduce the idea that you could add a metadata field dc.external-media-url or something for you to link to an external copy of your bitstream such as your campuses streaming-media CDN</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I like that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ...but the straight-forward use case of bitstream x.mp3 or x.mpg will get added to feed is the primary use-case, and it works fine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Make that ds.external-media-url and I'm sold.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, other updates?  richardrodgers you were about to update on 1.8 MIT stuff above?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yes - I think we will have a port of MediaFilters -&gt; curation tasks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: I think the actual metadata field is configurable -- though, I agree, it'd be nice to get a "ds" (internal dspace) schema at some point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers: awesome!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; and a number of modest improvements to the curation framework itself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; also the (DROID-based) format-identification task</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers: you might want to glance at my suggested changes in DS-939 (for site-wide curation tasks) -- to make sure it doesn't conflict with your work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-939">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-939</a> ] - [#DS-939] Enhancements to Curation Framework (Site-wide Tasks &amp;amp; Associated EPerson with Tasks) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: I have a prototype for extracting a core part of MEdiaFilterManager into a separate class,  I'd be curious if you took a similar approach</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (admittedly, part of Ds-939 is your code though, richardrodgers -- so, the conflicts should be minimal if any)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mdiggory: OK, but I was just going to abandon the MediaFilterManager approach altogether...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Refactoring+MediaFilterManager+for+greater+reuse+and+flexibility">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Refactoring+MediaFilterManager+for+greater+reuse+and+flexibility</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Refactoring MediaFilterManager for greater reuse and flexibility - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Refactoring+MediaFilterManager+for+greater+reuse+and+flexibility">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Refactoring+MediaFilterManager+for+greater+reuse+and+flexibility</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This was going to be the demo I was going to use for OR11, but did not get completed in time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: thats all well and good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; all those interfaces (FormatFilter, MediaFilter), etc seem clunky to me, no reason to preserve</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; agreed, those interfaces are all a bit clunky (as are the current Packagers/Crosswalks interfaces, but those will likely have to wait for after 1.8)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; but in any case, I'll open a JIRA ticket, post the code and solicit comment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; as long as I can write tools that don't force me to just operate on intputstreams/outputstreams I'm good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we seldom have such simple mapping requirements as are present in those interfaces</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any updates on the "Context Guided Ingest" project?  (just curious if that will still make it in, or if it may need delaying)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: I continue to employe the group to start adopting spring for configuration, are you looking into it for this as well?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; that's up in the air ATM tdonohue. I'd love to get it in, but it's a stretch - I may reach out for collaborators..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; employé = emplore (damn you OSX Lion auto replace)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'm also committed to fixing the tombstone stuff, I think...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; TBH, I'd rather see the Submission/Reviewer workflow improvements gotten into place before further refactoring or additions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: if your listening in on the dspace-devel… theres a tombstone solution coming from UMich</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Oh - have you looked at it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: I think the push behind the Context Guided Ingest stuff was because it was something that DCAT was very interested in...but, we never really promised it'd be ready for 1.8.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; no, UMich wanted to implement a Tombstone solution and I've been advising them on implementation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I think that was something that got 'lost in translation' from JSP to Manakin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; but thanks mdiggory I'll check in with them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes it was</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; SideNote: for those wanting to dig more into Spring Configuration, I've found mdiggory's "Tao of DSpace Services" and "Spring Services Tutorial" both to be extremely helpful resources</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/The+TAO+of+DSpace+Services">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/The+TAO+of+DSpace+Services</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ The TAO of DSpace Services - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/The+TAO+of+DSpace+Services">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/The+TAO+of+DSpace+Services</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Spring+Services+Tutorial">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Spring+Services+Tutorial</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Spring Services Tutorial - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Spring+Services+Tutorial">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Spring+Services+Tutorial</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks, I will note those.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Another SideNote:  I've been messing around a bit with moving Packagers &amp; Crosswalks to a Spring Configuration  -- but, this work will *not* be ready by 1.8.0 unfortunately</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thats good news....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, but it's still very early days, mdiggory :)  It has helped me to better learn Spring-based configs though...so that's a bonus</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, do we have other updates to add?  mdiggory, anything you want to update on the stuff listed as "@mire led"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-968">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-968</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-968">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-968</a> ] - [#DS-968] XML configurable workflow - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [#DS-968] XML configurable workflow - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-968">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-968</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, this is an important one,  and I will be attaching the schedules we have planned for these contributions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we almost have this patch completed and it will be attached within the next week for the community to see, but be assured that, like Discovery, we are working to make switching to the new Workflow as painless as possible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; It will be possible to continue to support the legacy solution while you plan porting to the new configurable workflow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and since there are still integration projects with the new workflow and the Curation Tools, we think that this is best for an initial feature contribution.  It may be possible to contribute integrations of Curation Tools as future minor release fixes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or, if resources are available, to complete those integrations during the freeze period.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Quick question on new XML Workflow.  Does this *become* the default, out-of-the-box workflow system then? Just hasn't been clear to me if it is enabled out-of-the-box (or if it's more like Discovery, where you need to configure it to use it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; That is open to decision making</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, if it doesn't support Curation Tools, then isn't that accidentally removing a feature of 1.7.x (where a Curation task could be kicked off via workflow)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I would assume that it may be best to make decisions if we are upgrading vs fresh installing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: the original workflow is still present for those who are not ready to abandon that feature</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The XML Workflow is only enabled if switched on in the configuration.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.  that clarifies things.  I didn't fully understand that this is a completely *separate* workflow option (and that users could choose between two workflow options)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; note, that integrating CurationTolls requires changes to Curation Tools, not  to the XML Workflow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;BramDS&gt; tdonohue: curation support should be possible in the future but will be difficult since both features are currently under development</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and that those changes will increase the complexity of maintaining both approaches</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm a bit fuzzy on the complexity of Curation Tools + XML Workflow, but obviously you all have investigated it &amp; found it difficult/complex for 1.8.  So, I'm willing to take your word for it... (especially since this is just one workflow option, and the other workflow option continues to support Curation Tools)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; There will be some improvements in XMLUI Aspects that will allow us to maintain separate Aspects for Submission, Reviewer Workflow and more general Administration, these will lead to greater abilities to swap out, turn off parts of the XMLUI (Submission, Review, Admin, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; cool..that sounds interesting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: Basically, with hardcoded workflow steps, certain rules are hardcoded into the Curation Tools</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thèse need to be moved out and be made configurable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and on top of this, given we've adopted a separate xml and spring configuration for Reviewer Workflow, we now need to consider if certain configuration details in the curation tools should instead be part of the Reviewer Workflow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We're starting to run over time here -- any other 1.8 updates people want to interject?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I believe that we are traveling down a roadmap that looks something like 1.) refactor workflow,  2.) integrate curation tools,  3.) adopt Database driven configuration from "GSoC Submission project."   By the time we've completed this roadmap (and possibly added some feature from the Context guided Ingest)  we will have a fairly rich Submission and Review System for DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; And one that can be configured by the Collection Manager at that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; without having to rebuild or restart DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm working on something tiny, a change to the simple password auth request system (adding ability to add allow/deny rules, instead of a blanket "allow" rule) should be done and tested by next week, but it'll have to go in as a new JIRA ticket and patch, dunno if that qualifies as for 1.8, but I thought I''d mention it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- I agree.  Just a small FYI, I know DCAT tends to be quite interested in a lot of the Submission based features (and things that can be done by the Collection Manager, etc).  So, if you want feedback on any of these things, I'd recommend we try and get thoughts from DCAT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger : it definitely could qualify...it's not "too late" until after Aug 19 (and then, after that point, we can still accept bug fixes obviously)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, I agree.  I'd like to see the DCAT recommendations be more "first hand", possibly in the JIRA tickets themselves where possible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* gaurav_kl (75c62002@gateway/web/freenode/ip.117.198.32.2) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- they do add thoughts into JIRA tickets.  Also, Bram L is on DCAT, so he can filter things through to them for feedback (as can I or Val).  DCAT meetings &amp; listserv are also public, so anyone can join (Robin T &amp; I have been attending many recent meetings)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if there's things that need DCAT feedback, we can get it in front of them as soon as possible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robertqin (~robertqin@bb116-14-151-145.singnet.com.sg) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; another aside…. It'd be good to see the DCAT meetings scheduled in the Duraspace Public Events google calendar...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; *sigh* must dash...thanks, all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll ask Val about that.  That'd make sense to me too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:10ab:21e:4fff:feba:a425) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: Its best to see those DCAT requests be managed publicly via community dialog, meeting notes, JIRA, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; One final topic… I've posted the patch for Domain Model fixes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-845">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-845</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-845">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-845</a> ] - [#DS-845] Support for DSpace Domain Model Interfaces - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [#DS-845] Support for DSpace Domain Model Interfaces - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-845">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-845</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I have to run as well, sorry. Thanks all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-96-237-109-89.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory : FYI, DCAT discussions are all public actually.  I think it just may be that it's not very well advertised. Public DCAT discussions are at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/dsforum/Home">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/dsforum/Home</a>   These discussions are always linked back to JIRA (usually via a JIRA comment)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Home - DSpace Forum - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/dsforum/Home">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/dsforum/Home</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Please… do have a look, note some corrects to point made in the last discussion… it does not require moving any classes out of dspace-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- sounds good, I'll have a look at Ds-845</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The topic of where the api resides is still open</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, we're we'll over time here. Do we want to close up the Developers Meeting and switch over to GSoC Updates?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hearing no response, I'm assuming we're all fine with that.  We'll consider the Developers Mtg ended.  We'll switch now to any GSoC updates / discussions / comments, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (KevinVdV@d54C14F72.access.telenet.be) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* BramDS (~bram@94-224-17-72.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: BramDS)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (80cea2c6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.162.198) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; everyone got quiet all the sudden ;)  Anyone have anything to bring up for GSoC discussion today?  If not, that's fine...we could always call it a day, and move any other discussions to lists, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; Ok I have one notice related to REST UI project and test EC2 instance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; Vibhaj informed me recently that there has been an increase in I/O requests, which put the instance near the monthly limits</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; I think it was about 30000 operations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; so he disabled the instance up to the end of this month</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; crawlers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; he said it was caused internally</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; like there haven't been much external traffic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; but will ask him again to check details</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; wow. ok, that's good to know.  Let us know if he somehow gets charged for that (but hopefully he disabled it in time)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; yes he disabled it in order to prevent charging</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; but we have to investigate it further</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; also thanks for the detailed harvesting explanation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; i did copied some collections here locally</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; and it will be enough for testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; for this reason we postpoined transfer of those testing data to test instance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; but he works further on documentation and polishing of other things, so there will be no gap</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, sounds good then.  If he discovers what the cause may have been, it'd be nice to know.  That way we can reanalyze whether we'd want to find an alternative to the Free EC2 instances for future GSoCs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; ok, will check it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; gaurav_kl: per your question in the list, some features of submission.js will move to a new workflow.js that is separate from administrative.js</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok.thats what i was thinking.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; its clear now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; excellent</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; one thing more</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; you suggested a ne workspaceservice</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; instead of workspaceitem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; why do we need</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; workspaceitem needs to be there to support the old workflow?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robertqin (~robertqin@bb116-14-151-145.singnet.com.sg) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, the logic is that we work to create two completely separate implementations of Submission, one that is the legacy approach and one that is the new approach and that they are completely separate from storage to api to view</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; so in the new approach as we are removing the concept of pages..should each page be a separate action like in DescribeStep..coz giving more than 1 page in an action could be difficult</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The objective is to avoid implementing JSPUI based solutions by focusing on this being a new system just for XMLUI, and given we are already doing the same for CRW</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The topic of separate pages / actions… I'm not sure.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm not yet convinced we should have "pages" at all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and that each page should be a separate step</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but that would require rewriting Describe Step and input-forms.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok..but like for DescribeStep we can have 3 Actions for the 3 pages.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if a Step with multiple pages is supported, then, yes I assume each page would need to be a separate action</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; hmm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but this would require configuration in both the submission step and the input-forms.xml rather than previously just being in input-forms.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; unless somehow the actions in the case of DescribeStep were somehow auto configured off the input-forms.xml the way pages currently are int he legacy Describe.Step.java</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok.what do you mean by "auto-configured"? we can separate 3 action classes from the current DescribeStep legacy code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; How many pages would be allowed, how are they assigned in submission, whereas previously, they were assigned in input-forms.xml?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah so the "page" concept of input-forms.xml wont be used now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; given the proposition of your submission solution being a wholly from legacy, you can choose to reuse existing input-forms.xml or not, I would imagine that having one or more "DescribeSteps" one for each page, would lend to eventually creating separate input-forms (xml or db driven) per Step.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; "being a wholly from legacy"   ==  "being a wholly separate implementation from legacy"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah having separate input-forms per step seems the feasible way now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; can you I"m not sure, its a design dialog it might be good to get community feedback on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok..i will mai the community</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; dspace-gsoc list for feedback</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; as this might be a big change</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; right now inputs-forms.xml contains a unified list of all forms used across the site.  both the number of pages and the communities/collection they apply to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we would end up with a lot of separate input forms-xml if we attempted to split it up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; hmm..can we link the splitted DescribeAction somehow to "page" without removing "page" from input-forms.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Maybe its time to look a little further out on the roadmap… how would you propose including your earlier input forms database GSoC work into the current project?  Would this lead you to see a few steps in-between the current approach and that full integration?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; can you present a bit of that model again?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah..i think with the db-driven input-forms it might be easier</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; your GSoC 2009 page got butchered in the wiki migration, the attachments are gone  <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/Google+Summer+of+Code+2009+Submission+Enhancements">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/Google+Summer+of+Code+2009+Submission+Enhancements</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Google Summer of Code 2009 Submission Enhancements - Google Summer of Code - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/Google+Summer+of+Code+2009+Submission+Enhancements">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/Google+Summer+of+Code+2009+Submission+Enhancements</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; oh.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; i can try to reuse that code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; but it might take some time to get familiar with that code again..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; At this point, if there is an interest in getting this into 1.8.0, you will need to ramp up your work to get there.  If there are simpler / shorter paths to get something that works, you should consider taking them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; yeah..i feel for getting it before the feature freeze we might need some other approach..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; i will look at the previous code and try to analyze</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; and will mail the list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; i was facing one problem in my intellij.actually i created a new project to ckeck if my patch was getting applied properly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; but in the new project my maven librairies are not getting recognized</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; i cpoied the files from the .idea/libraries folder of older project but still its not showing the JARs in "external libraries" view</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; You've added the parent pom in this Maven "View"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I wouldn't copy .idea files...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'd always try to get IDEA to build the project files off of the maven poms… there will be less chances of error</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; actually i checcked iut from git outside</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; IIDEA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; and then imported the project  from local machine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; while importing from local machine can there be an option to import maven projects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; ok..i think there is an option</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;gaurav_kl&gt; i was thinking it was there only when we checkout</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* gaurav_kl (75c62002@gateway/web/freenode/ip.117.198.32.2) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:18]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>