<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2011-04-13
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint_ (81d7a972@gateway/web/freenode/ip.129.215.169.114) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint_ (81d7a972@gateway/web/freenode/ip.129.215.169.114) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@c-24-60-203-182.hsd1.ma.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@c-24-60-203-182.hsd1.ma.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@c-24-60-203-182.hsd1.ma.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@c-24-60-203-182.hsd1.ma.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@c-24-60-203-182.hsd1.ma.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* vhollister (48c88f7e@gateway/web/freenode/ip.72.200.143.126) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Reminder: we'll be having our weekly DSpace Developers Mtg here in about 10 mins.  Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-04-13">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-04-13</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2011-04-13 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-04-13">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-04-13</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (52292151@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.33.81) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C15567.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* h_pottinger (a182f583@gateway/web/freenode/ip.161.130.245.131) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hello, all. It's time for our DSpace Developers Mtg. Agenda at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-04-13">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-04-13</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2011-04-13 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-04-13">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-04-13</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As usual, we'll start off with JIRA Reviews.  Again, try to keep to just a few minutes per issue.  Here's our list of issues needing review: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-770+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-770+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-770">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-770</a> ] - [#DS-770] New Japanese messages for 1.7.0 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-770+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-770+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First up is DS-770</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-770">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-770</a> ] - [#DS-770] New Japanese messages for 1.7.0 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@sul272peter.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; anyone speak japanese?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh...looks like Claudia has already started this one. may want to just follow up with her to see if she needs help on Ds-770</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we usually accept these translations as-is...Claudia tends to lead the translation work :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Summary Ds-770:  Ask Claudia for updates.  Does she need additional help/support?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; skipping ahead to... DS-771</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-771">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-771</a> ] - [#DS-771] Installed version of DSpace display - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; question answered?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to also adding DSpace version to XMLUI Control Panel.  Seems like a useful (and relatively simple) change to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Won't fix; use the META?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I like the suggestion of adding it to XMLUI control panel, myself...for non-techies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; sounds reasonable and easy.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (it may also help with bug/issue reports -- "Please look up your DSpace version in your Admin control panel")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yeah, this question comes up from time to time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I noticed that OJS will show you all the versions that you've used at one time. i.e. 2.2.2 installed 2009/10/12, 2.3.3 installed 2011/03/05</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any volunteers to tackle? seems like a relatively small change?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'll take it, for fun</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.  Summary Ds-771: Assign to PeterDietz.  Look into displaying version in XMLUI Control Panel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next: DS-775</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-775">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-775</a> ] - [#DS-775] Implementation of DayTableEmbargoSetter.java not working as expected. - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Has anyone else seen it do this?  How is it incorrect?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I think the old one, if you had a 366 year embargo, it would be liftable after 365 days. (assummed year has 365 days as opposed to ~365.25)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; oops liftable after 365 years, not days</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; needs analysis? volunteer?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can look at it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. Ds-775 summary: Assign mhwood.  Analyze &amp; report back</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; current way is: <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/embargo/DayTableEmbargoSetter.java">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/embargo/DayTableEmbargoSetter.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up: DS-777</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-777">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-777</a> ] - [#DS-777] PackageUtils.translateGroupNameForExport returns null unexpectedly - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Seems to be assigned.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh wait. I thought I resolved this?  suggest leave assigned to me, and I'll look into it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ds-777: leave assigned to tdonohue, he'll look into it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next: DS-778</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-778">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-778</a> ] - [#DS-778] DSpace Makes Improper Assumptions about Group Names for Permission/Role based Groups - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This was an annoying discovery of mine during the AIP work.  XMLUI actually parses group names into *roles*  (thus meaning XMLUI cannot let you rename groups)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1 group names shouldn't have meaning to the code.  Names are for humans.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; would it make sense to add more brains to (dspace-api) Groups, as opposed to making the UI do lots of heavy lifting (possibly incorrect attempts)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; +/- 0 :)... thing is, magic numbers really aren't any better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- yea, the UI shouldn't be making assumptions on group names, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If you want an internally-generated Group, you ask for that, and it gets a meaningless name.  If you try to create a group with a name like that, you get an exception.  Document that you should not name groups according to some pattern that's reserved for internal use.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs -- not just about the "magic numbers" in names.  XMLUI also allows you to create a "COLLECTION_&lt;ID&gt;_DEFAULT_READ" group which is never associated to the Collection via DB, and doesn't do anything in JSPUI, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, sounds like general consensus that this needs more analysis, needs a (hopefully) better solution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Summary Ds-778:  More analysis on better solution.  Current hardcoded logic in XMLUI probably not the best way to do this.  Needs volunteer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next: DS-780</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-780">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-780</a> ] - [#DS-780] MetadataExposure.java doesn't check the boolean value of hidden field in dspace.cfg - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; This looks to be related to various other issues including DS-800</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-800">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-800</a> ] - [#DS-800] Manage visibilty of metadata fields as field attribute rather than in dspace.cfg - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, looks like you are tackling some of this, robint?  At least DS-655 which is also related?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-655">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-655</a> ] - [#DS-655] MetadataExposure hides fields except for System Admins - this should extend to Community and Collection Admins - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; My first reaction is that metadata fields should be DSO's with resource policies but I dont know how practical that is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's a lot of work, but work that we need to do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* PeterDietz sends telkinetic message to mdiggory to wake up and join</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.  So, is suggestion to wait on the smaller Ds-780 bug until we tackle larger issues?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes mdiggory is out of town/office. won't be here today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Larger issues should take care of it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; isn't DS-780 just a bug in how the config is parsed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-780">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-780</a> ] - [#DS-780] MetadataExposure.java doesn't check the boolean value of hidden field in dspace.cfg - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; ie when you set hide to false, it should stop hiding it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hrm, i thought i'd done some work on fixing MetadataExposure consistency recently</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good point.  The current mechanism should at least work, even if we dislike it and intend to replace it someday.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that's how I read Ds-780 as well...that it was a minor bug in how the config is parsed (like aschweer said)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; aschweer: yes but Claudia amongst others has asked for a more sophisticated mechanism</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; volunteer to look at Ds-780 (which seems minor) in nearterm?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; robint: yes I'm aware of that, but looks like that's going to take some time to figure out how and implement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; assign to me if you like</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ds-780: assign robint.  See if it may be fixable before all the other larger, sophisticated changes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK.  We'll quit there for today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next topic: GSoC 2011.  Much of the details are in the agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-04-13">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-04-13</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2011-04-13 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-04-13">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-04-13</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Essentially, we were given only 5 slots from Google this year.  DuraCloud &amp; Fedora both want 1 apiece.  That leaves us with 3</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Currently, we are still in the process of scoring/ranking (IF you want to mentor and haven't scored anything yet, please log in and do so!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; there are current *2* projects which are extremely highly ranked.  The 3rd one is still a bit "up in the air" still</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; is that DuraCloud &amp; Fedora position before or after scoring?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Duracloud and Fedora are ranking their projects separate from ours.  I'm talking only about DSpace projects in my numbers...sorry, that may not have been clear.  We have *2* highly ranked DSpace projects so far</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, DuraCloud has *1* highly ranked project, which they'd like to accept.  Fedora also has *1* that they'd like to accept.  that leaves us with 3 slots for DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As it currently stands, the 2 DSpace projects which look likely are related to the "SKOS Authority Control" idea, and the "RTMP A/V Streaming" idea.  <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/DSpace+Summer+of+Code+Ideas">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/DSpace+Summer+of+Code+Ideas</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Summer of Code Ideas - Google Summer of Code - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/DSpace+Summer+of+Code+Ideas">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/DSpace+Summer+of+Code+Ideas</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The third DSpace slot is a little up in the air, which is why it is *important to vote* if you haven't yet :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any questions / comments on GSoC stuff?  (Also welcome to contact me in private, if you have questions about specific project applications, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, I should note, if we only end up with 3 projects, we may encourage co-mentorship (2-3 per project).  Obviously at this point, it sounds like we have more "interested mentors" than projects slots.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (if somehow we end up really wanting 4 DSpace projects, we may be able to request another from Google...  if any more become available.  But, right now, not sure if that will be necessary)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd is getting... 'less interested'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; uh-oh.  kshepherd is listed as a possible lead mentor on one :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; heh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I don't know what to say in public forum, but for the submission interface project, I would consider mentoring for intuitiveness improvements in submissions (UI/UX), not so much refactoring the database/inputforms</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, we are getting short on time here.  So, it'd be good if we can hash this out quickly, and decide on GSoC projects soon, along with mentors.  I'll send out an email to all interested mentors + committers privately, so that we can get this moving along quickly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; if you want to *specifically* volunteer to mentor one project/student (and you haven't already), please get in touch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next Topic for today: OR11 Face to Face.  We have a Room now: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-06-06+-+OR11+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-06-06+-+OR11+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2011-06-06 - OR11 Meeting - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-06-06+-+OR11+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-06-06+-+OR11+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good news indeed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any preference on a starting time from those planning on attending?  We have the room from 8am-4pm on Monday.  But, I'd be willing to push back start to 9am or possibly 10am if we felt it'd be better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; 8am! gulp.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm one of those awful morning people.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ...atleast I gain an hour through time-change</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; pssh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I was debating on pushing back to 9am to be honest. :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; these dev meetings start at 8am for us hard kiwis ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; though it's a bit easier to be bleary-eyed on IRC, i guess</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Wouldn't want to discourage others from meeting earlier but +1 for 9am for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I'll be getting in to Austin late on Sunday... happy to start any time on Monday (although haven't booked a hotel yet!). Maybe a tentative start for 9am, but we can play it by ear depending on when people actually turn up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. Sounds like tentatively we'll say 9am.  We can always show up earlier to chat over coffee as we wake up -- as if we won't get enough of each other that day already :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; offer an iPad 2 to the first person to turn up - everyone will be queueing from 2am, and we can start on time :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. moving on here. (sorry to change topics again quickly...wanted to get to this):   DCAT Review of DS-587</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-587">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-587</a> ] - [#DS-587] add the capability to indicate a withdraw reason to an item ( tombstone ) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue haha... sorry, don't have an extra iPad 2 handy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; also, of note, they don't serve beer in the cafeteria in US schools, and its unlikely to be two bottles of wine per table</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DCAT has done their initial review of Ds-587.  They recommend implementing it, but want us to review the newly updated patch from Michigan, just posted to DS-587</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-587">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-587</a> ] - [#DS-587] add the capability to indicate a withdraw reason to an item ( tombstone ) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@173-9-7-35-New-England.hfc.comcastbusiness.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; PeterDietz: wine at 8am sounds rough even for me...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue sidenote to PeterDietz's joke: we will  have beer *after* the meeting...planning a meetup at a local bar with Fedora Devs &amp; whomever else is around</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case...back to DCAT &amp; DS-587.  I know the new patch is a bit larger, so it may be difficult to do a thorough review now.  But, does anyone want to volunteer to look into this more closely and give more feedback on the suggested Tombstone changes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-587">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-587</a> ] - [#DS-587] add the capability to indicate a withdraw reason to an item ( tombstone ) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; seems massively over complicated trying to pick out information from the provenance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I can have a look at it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, richardrodgers, that'd be good.  We basically are looking for feedback to give back to both DCAT &amp; Michigan.  Suggesting changes, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vhollister&gt; Michigan is also willing to write the XML version -- but needs some guidence</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it'd probably be best to comment on Ds-587 with any feedback directly.  I know DCAT is following that issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yep - I just noticed that for Manakin at least, Tombstones are a bit broken...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; not to mention fragile... we've talked about an internal metadata schema - shouldn't we just hold off until we've got that schema (1.8?) and ensure that we've got appropriate field(s) that can be addressed directly. More robust, and a shed load less code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; my admins have also expressed interest in tombstones/withdraw so I'll likely have a look too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt;  If others have thoughts/suggestions, I'd encourage adding them to Ds-587 comments.  It'd be great to see some version of this make it into 1.8 (whether it's the michigan code or something slightly different that we rework)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yes grahamtriggs : the answer might be: we can do it properly with internal metadata....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks to both PeterDietz &amp; richardrodgers!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vhollister&gt; agree w/tdonohue -- good if some version made it into 1.8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;vhollister&gt; yes, thx!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, I'd also agree that might be the answer grahamtriggs.  The main idea is not that we *have* to accept the patch as-is.  More, that DCAT sees this as an important feature worth gettting into 1.8.  How it ends up in 1.8 could be different than the current patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  we only have 5 minutes left here, so I hesitate to dig into the "time permitting" discussion I had on the agenda (around Async Releases). Not enough time today, plus it'd probably be good to ensure mdiggory is around for that one as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any last topics / ideas to discuss, etc?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Does anyone know how Cocoon caching works ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; .addpoint robint</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; robint: +1/-0, 1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; for our purposes... not that well :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; robint: i know how to turn it off... ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; kshepherd: Do tell</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; kshepherd: Tell all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; well, for a specific pipeline, i mean</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: I took mdiggory's comment on that issue as saying "As none of us fully understand cocoon caching, we might want to dig into it more, or turn it off altogether"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I admit to not fully understanding it, unfortunately)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; is there anything about Cocoon that any of us fully understand?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; re caching: take a look at the "caching" and "noncaching" pipe definitions in sitemap.xmap</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Heh, the last Cocoon book came out in 2003 when 2.0 was brand-new.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Does turning off caching for one pipeline affect subsequent pipelines ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs: (haha)  um,  yea, I understand how to configure it...but, the caching part is one area I've not dug into quite as far</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: I *think* so (vaguely remember hearing that). But, I could be wrong there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; robint: good question.. not 100% sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; You would think so but PeterDietz testing suggests not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; <a href="http://mail-archives.apache.org/mod_mbox/cocoon-users/201102.mbox/%3C7C655C04B6F59643A1EF66056C0E095EA99C94@eusex01.sweden.ecsoft%3E">http://mail-archives.apache.org/mod_mbox/cocoon-users/201102.mbox/%3C7C655C04B6F59643A1EF66056C0E095EA99C94@eusex01.sweden.ecsoft%3E</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ RE: How-to disable caching for Cocoon2.2 completely ] - <a href="http://mail-archives.apache.org/mod_mbox/cocoon-users/201102.mbox/%3C7C655C04B6F59643A1EF66056C0E095EA99C94@eusex01.sweden.ecsoft%3E">http://mail-archives.apache.org/mod_mbox/cocoon-users/201102.mbox/%3C7C655C04B6F59643A1EF66056C0E095EA99C94@eusex01.sweden.ecsoft%3E</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes that we are just chatting now.  If others need to head out, feel free.  No more "official topics" today.  (that being said, I'll stick around to talk cocoon caching for a bit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* vhollister (48c88f7e@gateway/web/freenode/ip.72.200.143.126) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C15567.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; here's some of my butcherings that still has caching <a href="https://gist.github.com/918411">https://gist.github.com/918411</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; thanks all, have to run, bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ attempting to disable cocoon cache in dspace xmlui — Gist ] - <a href="https://gist.github.com/918411">https://gist.github.com/918411</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@173-9-7-35-New-England.hfc.comcastbusiness.net) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Unfortunately got to run myself. Cheers all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; disabling caching on ViewArtifact's pipeline has not resulted in a noticeable performance decrease for me, but has helped with keeping session/state info better up to date, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz, so even though you configured as 'noncaching' there still is caching?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; yep.. however, I did just notice this bit:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt;                 &lt;map:pipes default="caching"&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt;                         &lt;map:pipe name="noncaching" src="org.apache.cocoon.components.pipeline.impl.NonCachingProcessingPipeline"&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt;                         &lt;/map:pipe&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt;                         &lt;map:pipe name="caching" src="org.apache.cocoon.components.pipeline.impl.CachingProcessingPipeline"&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt;                         &lt;/map:pipe&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt;                 &lt;/map:pipes&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well -- maybe it could be worth investigating switching *everything* to 'noncaching', and testing performance, etc.  Obviously we have a bit too *much* caching going on right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; that's where caching vs noncaching is defined</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; lemme try. Cheers all, I'll keep plugging away at this.. since we've delayed our upgrade to 1.7.1 indefinitely until we resolve certain cache parts</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (52292151@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.33.81) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Must go.  Thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i definitely prove that switching the (only) pipeline in ViewArtifacts aspect to noncaching definitely stops caching ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; s/definitely/can/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; kshepherd meant to say: i can prove that switching the (only) pipeline in ViewArtifacts aspect to noncaching definitely stops caching ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; headed out.  bye all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i should probably try it on more/everything, as suggested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@c-24-60-203-182.hsd1.ma.comcast.net) Quit (Quit: sandsfish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; my simple test is 1.7.1 xmlui search/browse/view (disabled artifactbrowser). visit collection, submit new item to collection, look at recently submitted items and see if new item appears</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well, I guess it's also a question of how much the caching is "buying us".  If there are areas that actually are worth caching that's fine.  It just may be easier to turn it all *off*, and then slowly turn back *on* various areas in order to attempt "harmony" :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; one idea is whether we should also just switch are settings so that *noncaching* is the default.  That way we only cache pipelines which we *know* we want to cache (just an idea)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; PeterDietz: ok, hvaen't tested that particular one yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; should just be a case of switching to noncaching for the discovery aspect pipeline, methinks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (and making sure solr is behaving too ;))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea -- true. idea needs lots of testing obviously :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; (not using discovery)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; sorry, bad assumption after reading 'disabled artifactbrowser'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm thinking to switch on discovery atleast for this, since discovery does provide the ability to do so</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ..yeah sorry, thats only due to upgrading from 1.6 to 1.7 that we disabled it. I did feel somewhat confused about what search/view/browse provide and if i want them or not. (if I were not a developer I'd be lost)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah, unfortunate that RecentSubmissions never quite got separated into its own aspect in standard xmlui..? (especially since i did do that once, then stuck the patch somewhere stupid and forgot about it :P)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; so, we can disable artifactbrowser to work the new way, but *recentsubmissions still comes from org.dspace.app.xmlui.artifactbrowser?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I've also run into the problem where items marked as having a creative commons license don't have the "appears in collections" list showing its collections.. that one's somewhat mind-boggling, and not reproduceable, as its just affecting one of our servers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; yeah there is lots of stuff that is still packaged under artifact browser</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I suppose 1.7 is deprecate, and 1.8 will be to complete a shift. I don't know if there is further traction, other than what was needed to be done to get discovery to work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah guess the rest just needs moving to searchArtifacts by 1.8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i've been too deep in discovery to notice anything else ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm thinking our metadata is a mess, so its rough to make sense of it, from what discovery gives us</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; sorry, gotta head home. I'll keep digging away at what I can with cache/recent-submissions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'll take a look if i have some time, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@sul272peter.lib.ohio-state.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i knew there was a patch i did for MetadataExposure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: i think DS-780 is already fixed by the patched i committed to DS-853</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-780">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-780</a> ] - [#DS-780] MetadataExposure.java doesn't check the boolean value of hidden field in dspace.cfg - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-853">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-853</a> ] - [#DS-853] MetadataExposure settings for dc.description.provenance are ignored/overridden by XMLUI templates - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd: oh, ok. yea, they *look* like the same issue, at a glance.  Can you double check, and if so, close DS-780 and link to DS-853?  Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-780">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-780</a> ] - [#DS-780] MetadataExposure.java doesn't check the boolean value of hidden field in dspace.cfg - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-853">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-853</a> ] - [#DS-853] MetadataExposure settings for dc.description.provenance are ignored/overridden by XMLUI templates - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: yep will check 1.6.2 today, apply same fix (it's very simple) and see if that resolves ds-780 too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ds-780">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ds-780</a> ] - [#DS-780] MetadataExposure.java doesn't check the boolean value of hidden field in dspace.cfg - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks, sounds good!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* h_pottinger (a182f583@gateway/web/freenode/ip.161.130.245.131) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>