<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2011-03-02
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[1:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-51-5.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: stuartlewis)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-51-5.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sendak.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Mayank (~MnzNotebu@122.173.194.133) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Mayank (~MnzNotebu@122.173.194.133) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@62.189.56.2) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* alxp (~aoneill@blk-30-155-121.eastlink.ca) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* alxp (~aoneill@blk-30-155-121.eastlink.ca) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cbeer (~chris_bee@198.147.175.203) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cbeer (~chris_bee@198.147.175.203) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-51-5.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keith-noadmin (~keith-noa@207.138.47.158) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Jrhoads (a00a0f16@gateway/web/freenode/ip.160.10.15.22) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jrhoads&gt; Hello.  This is my first time on this channel.  I was wondering if there was going to be a meeting today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cccharles (~chris@compy486.uoguelph.ca) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Meeting should begin at 15:00 GMT+5, about half an hour from now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Excuse me, GMT-5</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jrhoads&gt; Excellent.  I'll be here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs_ (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@sul272peter.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Reminder - weekly DSpace development meetingdue to start in 8 mins here in #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Jrhoads (a00a0f16@gateway/web/freenode/ip.160.10.15.22) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ryscher (~chatzilla@cpe-076-182-096-130.nc.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* JosephRhoads (a00a0f16@gateway/web/freenode/ip.160.10.15.22) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (80ce8882@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.136.130) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Morning / afternoon / evening all!  Welcome to this week's DSpace development meeting.  As usual, all are welcome, and thanks for coming along.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Tim Donohue is away this week at the Duraspace staff retreat, so I volunteered to lead.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; are we doing a jira review too, or just cut to the main event?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5229fe8f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.143) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yep - we'll start with 20 mins of JIRA review, and follow that by talking about the curation system, and specifically about how to manage new curation tasks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@dhcp-18-111-30-140.dyn.mit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; If it is OK with everyone, we'll follow last week's routine, and go back to the 2minute-per-issue routine?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-692+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-692+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i think that's the list we're up to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; kshepherd will post the issues, I'll sum up at the end.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-692">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-692</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I think I was going to convert this to a curation task</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yup, my recollection also</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hmm, ok, we covered last week?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - so we'll leave assigned to peterdietz.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i think i loooked at the wrong chat log</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; sorry all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-701">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-701</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (Remove unnecessary complexity of item mapping)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs_&gt; quick DS-692 question - could XMLUI use CDATA sections for the metadata?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; question about DS-701 - does XMLUI behave differently?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; grahamtriggs_: I recall that we _were_ able to just CDATA a block and the page would render fine. We still wanted to clean it up a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs_&gt; PeterDietz: that is probably fine in a local, selective field context. But generally speaking, it's not really appropriate to say that a technical issue with the user interface must be dealt with by changing the users data</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs_&gt; there may be very good reasons why non-XHTML safe code is stored in the field</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Any more comments on 692, or shall we go to 701?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; richardrodgers: testing now.. (took me a while to find it!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Agree that metadata storage and presentation are separate.  Storage should not change stuff; presentation may have to.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; thanks kshepherd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Votes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; It looks a good issue, but needs a patch.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yes, needs a patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; DS-701 +1 needs patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Do we want to leave the issue open pending a patch, or close it and await a patch?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Any votes, or we'll leave it as total = +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-100.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; +1. Leave open.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1 with patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; +1 needs improving, but not sure how far the patch would go, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - +4.  Next issue?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; xmlui seems to have a 'browse mapped items' list but i'm having trouble testing it right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-705">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-705</a> - Returning CLOBs fields data from ORACLE</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd reminds himself to get onto that JIRA bot again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Anyone know the reason for this?  To get around a TEXT field length limitation for metadata?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm not sure what 705 is supposed to do for us.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; I can't test oracle. +0 until i see a full patch with explanation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'd like a bit more context for this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Ok - maybe we pass on this one, and we'll put a comment in JIRA asking the submitter for more details?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-708">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-708</a> - Deprecate &amp; Remove old 'org.dspace.app.mets.METSExport' class, as it is obsolete</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; +1 to 708.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so, store the entire CLOB in a string?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Looks like we should leave this one to Tim, as he knows all this, and is the submitter and assigned.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So, +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; agreed +1 to Tim</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;JosephRhoads&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Result = +5, leave assigned to Tim.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-715">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-715</a> - Unification of license treatment in xmlui and jspui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Looks like it is just waiting for the documentation to be updated.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Claudia says the code is committed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: kinda looks like that..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Next issue?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-716">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-716</a> - Add an administrative metadata schema to DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Hmmm.... this one needs I special meeting all to itself I think!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Therefore, shall we finish up with the JIRA review now, and move onto our special topic?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Certainly a can of worms...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;JosephRhoads&gt; +1 It might.  There are several issues around this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Yes, there are several layers of issues in this ticket..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; wheres our special topic?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK then - today's topic: Curation tasks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; This came about as we've been writing quite a few of these locally for different purposes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Unfortunately I'm going to have to leave for another meeting, but looking forward to catching up on the log.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Some are local and specific, some (e.g. a link checker) are useful for others.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Thanks mhwood. Bye.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cheers mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; At present all curation-related classes are in a single package.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So a few questions:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 1) Do we put more tasks into trunk, or store themelsewhere?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yes - but that was not intended as a long range solution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 2) If in dspace-api trunk, do we structure them into useful packages etc?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 3) Curation tasks are really useful - how do we get more people to invest in them?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I think they can be any package, and don't in general belong in dpsace-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 4) Should we re-write other tasks (e.g. filter-media) as curation tasks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The ServiceManager currently allows for wiring in beans from any provided addon jar, it would have been really good to see Curation use the service manager rather than the plugin manager,</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i was assuming that for custom tasks we'd package under our own, custom name, eg. nz.ac.auckland.library.dspace.tasks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So - any views on question 1?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; In fact, I've been really pushing that tools that are wired via the pluginmanager get shifted to use ServiceManager... then you could do a great deal more in terms of aligning curation tasks, fitlermeda tasks and job scheduling</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; (I'm thinking here about generic tasks we've written, like an extenisble link checker - it can be extended by overriding the methods to find links, and to check them for whatever you define as validity)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stuartlewis: that me expressing my view, they do not need to be in trunk... even with PluginManager</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 2) I'm for breaking dspace-api into functional units that exemplify how to write your own non-trunk addons</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; But is it easier if we do put them in dspace-api for now, and have the wired up any way that is best?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Or should we put them elsewhere? dspace-curation ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I think we are conflating two issues.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; problem with cramming everything under trunk/dspace-api is we continue to introduce entangled dependencies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; One is how/when to seperate out the curation sub-system from dspce-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'd really like to get them out of dspace-api - that was done because we didn't have async add-on process ready for 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; And the other is whether individual tasks have to live in the same place</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; robint: the *framework* belongs in dspace-api, just not the tasks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; richardrodgers: Not sure I agree. Why not a Curation Service ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; the framework = the API classes and the runtime support code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: I think I finally identified the problem point with that. I'm preparing such detail to be in the proposal.... but we need interfaces and services on the DSpaceObjects and find calls so we can effectively break the dependencies on dspace-api version releases inside the trunk.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this reflects back to DOI work that was ongoing in 2007 as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Is there any merit to storing curation tasks in something like: <a href="http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/get-recent-comments/installation/">http://wordpress.org/extend/plugins/get-recent-comments/installation/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; But I'm not fully convinced that the Curation Service framework needs to stay in dspace-api, just that it is dependent on a project that exoses an api for DSO's</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; the servicemanager vs pluginmanager thing is a fair debate to have... but we're always talking about this, and there's still no clear written guideline showing us how to play nicely. perhaps someone (mdiggory? :)) could port Curation to servicemanager and write it up as a tutorial/guide to be used as an example for hte rest of us?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; which at the moment is dspace-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kshepherd: Think you just hit on my OR proposal ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ok Ok Ok, sorry if I created divergent threads.... At the moment I agree that Curation Framework being in dspace-api is ok, but that other projects can provide their own addons with curation tasks in them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; my point was that the framework is quite distinct from the task implementations - it's another question whether dspace-api is the right artifact, I agree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; without using ServiceManager, you have to hand edit the dspace.cfg to add them into the PluginManafer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if we migrated to the ServiceManager, they would automatically get registered when you added the maven dependency on the addon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; actually, no mdiggory - I extended PluginManager</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; great...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; howso?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; It takes an optional module name-space, just like ConfigurationManager</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; public static Object getSinglePlugin(String module, Class interfaceClass)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt;         throws PluginConfigurationError, PluginInstantiationException</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; what does that do then? I mustve missed this in the release documentation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; so, given that we're going with pluginmanager for now, is something like org.dspace.curate.tasks a good package path to use, so we separate sample/generic tasks from code?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs_&gt; I'm not convinced by 'automatically registering' - it's great when it works, and a major headache when it doesn't. I don't see there is anything wrong with having things configured, just not in the mess of dspace.cfg (rather, in a spring context)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, I have to throw up the red flags here... we need to get a clear roadmap on the direction we should be going in with these subsystems.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs_&gt; what I'm finding quite nice in the webmvc work is the use of annotations to define the controllers - I can set the context to scan for them and create them automatically, or I can leave the scan out and create bean instances manually. The annotations will still be processed and hooked in either way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Actually, I think the Plugin/Configuration issues are distinct from how to position/distribute tasks, which was where we started?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: thats all well and good, sure we can do similar in Spring in the ServiceManager if we wanted... but at the moment we currently autowire to bring together the services, including those providers that some of the services use.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: not if it relies on customization made to the Plugin manager to define what packages those tasks are looked in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; For now, would there be any objections to restructuring the curation package slightly, and committing generally useful tasks?  These can then be ported later once the the wider discussion is sorted?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (and maybe porting filter-media, checksum-checker, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; +1 to committing generally useful tasks. The user community would thank us for it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I will say if you begin porting these other classes, we need to be very careful about the design</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; arch stuff aside, curation tasks are awesome :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; kshepherd: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; kshepherd: another +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; at this point most everything under org.dspace.app could be dropped into a separate maven project with a dependency on dspace-api... if we loose that it will impact some of the planning for the async release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; We had a meeting with our repo managers last week, and our answer to most of their requests was "We should write a curation task for that".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; More maven modules = even slooooower build times :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; they get addictive, don't they?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not if your not building theme every time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i used to take the bus to work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; now i come by curation task</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; problem is everone still thinks they "need to build dspace-api .... dspace--xmlui-webapp.... to construct the distribution.... stop doing that and suddenly your build is much shorter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; kshepherd: do you have some of these tasks written up somewhere we could take a look?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; stuartlewis: you could argue that separating out modules allows you to drop the stuff you dont want locally</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; robint: bingo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hpottinger: the stuff we've been doing at UoA needs a loittle bit of polish, but we'll be sure to share soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mdiggory: A blog post about how to easily do that would be very welcome :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; modules mean I only assemble those features I want...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yea, maybe we should put a spot where people can share what they are working on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I don't need a blog... just use dspace-release instead of dspace-src-release and your good to go....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; then you just write your own modules that addon the stuff you want...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; even to do the oh so horrid classpath overrides...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; But does that only affect time for punters?  I'm worried about build time for developers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs_&gt; buy an i5 or better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; heh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I have an MBP with fast disk, but still takes a minute or two to build :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; well, with unit tests in the modules we write, we only doa  full build and deploy if we are altering the install derectory somehow...the rest of the time we are just debugging and Unit testing in IDEA...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; only do full builds to accomplish a complete integration test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so even as developers... modularity pays off</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; We're going off topic though... :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So... are there any conclusions?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you asked ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 1) For now, we can commit useful general tasks to trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 2) Curation system might be usefully modularised as a later date.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; +1 to commiting ones work that is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1 I'd been playing with a naming scheme as follows:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory early and often</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 3) Some publicity about the usefulness of curation tasks would be good.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; org.dspace.ctask.x  where x was a 'family' type</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; richardrodgers: That is similar to what we'd been thinking, e.g. x = linkchecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; stuartlewis: I might still revive my contest - a new IPhone (or whatever) for best task by 1.8 (as voted by community)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cool idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; iPad 2....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Android? ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; OK mdiggory I agree IPad2 is way better.....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; since its the device no one needs but everyone wants</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - time is almost up.  Any further comments?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Can't seem to locate an Android tablet I don't have to get a subscription with in the US....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Contest needs a user submitted directory/gallery. Would it be better to built a one-off webapp (i.e. rails), or eat some dog-food and have users submit their task to demo.dspace ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Comment:  please please please think about using ServiceManager before you start designing your solutions....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mdiggory:  Could you write and document an example for us to follow?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; PeterDietz: we can show them off in dspace :) was it you that made that nice-looking xmlui gallery?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Discovery is the example.... so is dspace-stats... but perhaps we can improve this a-little so your not having to look directly at code...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - well, time is up.  As always, thank you for coming, and thank you for your valued input.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Next meeting - same time, same place, next week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Kudos thanks for leading in Tim's absence</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; No problem.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; thanks stuartlewis</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; perhaps some updating/padding out to <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC/DSpace+Services+Framework">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC/DSpace+Services+Framework</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; little outdated...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but still true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Thanks stuartlewis, time for tea. Cheers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (5229fe8f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.143) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I've limited use of the calls to the "DSpace" object in favor of using Spring directly for wiring services.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;JosephRhoads&gt; Thanks stuartlewis for hosting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; thanks all, bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@dhcp-18-111-30-140.dyn.mit.edu) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cheers all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ok... I'm going to write up some good example here that uptodate.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but we need to think about if this will go int he docs or the wiki initially.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* keith-noadmin (~keith-noa@207.138.47.158) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keith-noadmin (~keith-noa@207.138.47.158) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We need to work on keeping this advertised and uptodate...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Modules">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Modules</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (80ce8882@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.136.130) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* JosephRhoads (a00a0f16@gateway/web/freenode/ip.160.10.15.22) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs_ (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: grahamtriggs_)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-51-5.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-51-5.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>