<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2012-07-18
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ymli (6fc0d7b8@gateway/web/freenode/ip.111.192.215.184) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ymli (6fc0d7b8@gateway/web/freenode/ip.111.192.215.184) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ym111 (~ymli@111.192.215.184) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ym111 (~ymli@111.192.215.184) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, if anyone has DSpace topics to discuss, my office hours are for the next 3 hours  : <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~tdonohue/DSpace+Office+Hours">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~tdonohue/DSpace+Office+Hours</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, we resume our weekly DSpace Devel Mtgs at the top of the hour (~10mins) : <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-18">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-18</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (a@195.113.97.174) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@18.189.24.43) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's now time for our weekly DSpace Devel Mtg: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-18">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-18</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2012-07-18 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-18">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-18</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll kick things off with some JIRA catchup (for about 15 mins): <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-1073+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-1073+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-1073+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-1073+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1073">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1073</a> ] - [#DS-1073] The maximum flag on filter-media is useless if results are returned in the same order every time - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; starting with DS-1073</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1073">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1073</a> ] - [#DS-1073] The maximum flag on filter-media is useless if results are returned in the same order every time - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Looks like richardrodgers had something brewing that addresses this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lyncode (~DSpace@bl23-51-244.dsl.telepac.pt) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sands (~sandsfish@18.189.31.239) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mhwood: yes, in a sense. There is a set of curation tasks for 1.81 that can replace media filter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; sorry 1.8+</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; my mind is hazy here -- did we release those in 1.8? Or is this an "add-on" of curation tasks?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: the media filter tasks were not released with 1.8, they are an add-on (that need some testing &amp; hardening BTW)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. I see.  Are their plans to release then?  Just trying to determine if we should link this Ds-1073 off to another ticket around those media filter tasks?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; sure - it might make sense to link to a JIRA for those...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Seems like the order by is a much simpler change</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; [PHB]  Let's do both!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; volunteers?  Feel free to grab the ticket! :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; sure, but I think (as mhwood points out - there may be performance issues)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; at the very least, I like the idea of adding a JIRA ticket around the Curation Task MediaFilters &amp; linking it as related to Ds-1073</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; sorry, jumped in late.  is that testing something we should make sure is on the 3.0 release test-a-thon list?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; (performance testing, et al)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* sands throws a wrench in the gears</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I don't see much difference between sorting the results and processing only the new items vs creating a queue to list new items, the later actually sounds more complex.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think the curation task media filters is a tidy solution to the problem, providing the tooling for processing on ingest, as well as updating the media filter process in general. I don't really have concerns about performance issues for a nightly cron job, as long as it finishes at some point, and is reasonably efficient at what it's doing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Scalability.  If you add ten new items a day to a collection of a trillion, you only process ten things vs. one trillion every night.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; "lastmodified" &gt; yesterday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mdiggory: there is a huge performance difference, if thumbnails (e.g.) are wired into a workflow step, only *one* item is run at a time, only once</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is there a resolution here then?  Sounds like more favor linking this off to curation task media filters (can someone create that new ticket?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; So.. for non-workflow submissions, where do they get queued? (batch import / sword)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I do like curation post-submission, and I like media-filter where last-modified &gt; yesterday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That's why I keep saying that there should be no non-workflow submissions; only workflows with no interactive steps.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Sounds like an Action or Automated Step in the Configurable Workflow to me, or a Consumer processing on InstallItem, I don't specifically see a benefit of using a Curation task for this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "media-filter where last-modified &gt; yesterday" is making an assumption that everyone is running this cronjob nightly.  So, I think it'd need to be "media-filter where last-modified &gt; [date]"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mdiggory: the advantage is that one can use the same code in the admin UI, or in batch etc, On demand, cron-scheduled, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; But the point was just to make MediaFilter operate more effectively on its list of items.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes we're digging really deep here ... not sure this is the best usage of our time?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; and it does, the list is reduced to 1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; perhaps we need someone(s) to investigate &amp; come back with solution/proposed solution?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The point was that this list of items is "all items in the repository".  Bad for scaling.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; tdonohue:  yes, there's not enough agreement to deal with 1073 now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm not challenging the use of the curation system specifically for curation tasks in workflow, I'm just not a big fan of using as a hammer everywhere in dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; anyone interested in this area/ticket?  Or do we just have a lot of opinions  :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think the proposed link to the Jira ticket for the media filter curation tasks is a good first step, and may actually provide an answer for 1073 at some point</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. moving on. We're done with JIRA for today. Ds-1073 needs a volunteer at some point.  We also need a ticket for "media filter curation tasks".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'll open a ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Anyhow, the problem with FilterMedia specifically is not solved by using the Curation system.  Filtermedia sorting and selecting the items that need to be processed by a MediaFilter implementation would still benefit by some minor changes to optimize selecting items. Even if it was a curation task that was executing whatever action was to be completed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can look into improving the current touch-every-item scheme.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. next topic:  Followup from OR12 Developer Meeting.  I just wanted to leave some time here for any necessary followups we need to do.  Since I wasn't there, this means I'm looking to all you who were to prompt us in what things need to happen (future topics to discuss, mtgs to schedule, etc.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; was there anything specific that we want to bring up out of the OR12 Mtg?  Major topics/discussions? Future Special Topics mtgs we should have?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; still digging through notes, am planning to post more to the page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Some folks have started some OR12 Mtg notes here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-09+-+OR12+Meeting#DevMtg2012-07-09-OR12Meeting-MeetingNotes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-09+-+OR12+Meeting#DevMtg2012-07-09-OR12Meeting-MeetingNotes</a>  (Thanks robint &amp; hpottinger!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2012-07-09 - OR12 Meeting - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-09+-+OR12+Meeting#DevMtg2012-07-09-OR12Meeting-MeetingNotes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-09+-+OR12+Meeting#DevMtg2012-07-09-OR12Meeting-MeetingNotes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; though, two highlights (which I've added already) are mdiggory's link to the ThinkupApp's Git workflow, and the proposed ongoing joint DCAT and committers meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I think we need to discuss and clarify what a distribution of DSpace entails</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'm thinking about the rest-api and XOAI (hello lyncode !)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint -- that sounds like something that would be highly important to figure out soon.  Special Topic meeting perhaps in the next week or two?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and the notion of the need for some kind of current development project portal/clearinghouse, perhaps automated with RSS feeds from various other organizational wikis and/or issue trackers...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger -- was there any planning around the "proposed ongoing joint DCAT &amp; Committers mtg", e.g. where/when?  Or is that something I should just chat with Val about (she's on vacation/holiday till end of the month, but I can followup with her afterwards)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; robint: you mean something like fedora spins? (not fedora commons, fedora the cousin of Red Hat)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; helix84: We just need to figure out a good way to make modules available without packaging everything</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; robint: release 3.0 first, then release versions of the modules</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; robint: i had some thoughts in this area, too. was there any discussion about this in the OR12 meeting?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: no planning, other than a concern raised that "it can't just be IRC" DCAT members feel disoriented by the lack of our shared "exformation"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; provide instructions on how to add the modules to dspace build</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mdiggory: what is in 3.0 ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger -- ok, I'll followup with Val when she gets back.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I thought you were asking how to release addons separate from 3.0, sorry</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mdiggory: yes you are right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Just not sure what is an addon and what is 'core'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; "Add modules to DSpace build" is the problem.  People shouldn't be building DSpace to add modules; they should be unpacking built modules on top of an installed DSpace.  But there's no infrastructure yet for doing that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; dspace-rest could be released properly in parallel just after dspace 3.0, comments could be added to the poms with instructions on how to enable it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: basically we are saying the same thing...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: how do i know i should look in poms for instructions? how is that better from a wiki page (current approach)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Right, so the big question is are we still releasing *everything* in one big download/package.  Where everything = JSPUI, XMLUI, OAI, SWORD(1 &amp; 2), SOLR, LNI, etc..   Or, do we start to narrow our distribution &amp; move more modules into "addons"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1 mhwood that is the model we should be working towards (mds takes a crack at this)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, as mhwood pointed out, we don't have a way (infrastructure) to do that yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: thats a rabbit hole we just crawled out of last year, are you sure we want to fall back into it again?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- that's the question at hand right now.   That's what is meant by a "distribution".  robint brought it up, not I :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; perhaps a distraction will work? :-) back on to OR12 meeting, my notes get very scattered during the "hot topics" section, lots of lines and arrows :-) but I can say there was a good deal of discussion of the details of what "metadata for all" means, and various ideas on implementing it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncode&gt; tdonohue: most DSpace distributions do not use all dspace modules, so i would agree with the 2nd choice</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; what is meant by distribution is what we did for 1.8 because async release is not feasible unless everyone embraces individual releases of individual modules (api, jspui, xmlui, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncode&gt; most DSpace use cases*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and TBH, I don't blame us for not wanting to go down that route either, there is an increase in complexity that I don't think the developer community can handle</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; how about distributing everything but forcing users to choose what they want? like &lt;pseudocode&gt;mvn package -P xmlui,oai,swordv2,rest&lt;/pseudocode&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I would say that the maven project consolidation will reduce the number of modules significantly (eliminating dspace-stats and a number of the dspace-discovery modules by absorbing them into dspace-api and dspace-xmlui)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; People shouldn't be running mvn or even necessarily have it unless they are modifying code.  But again, we're not there yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; helix, that does bar us from what mdiggory suggested, which is the ability to add modules without making them part of the build.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; mhwood: agreed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; i don't think documentation needs to be in poms.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; i think there just needs to be documentation about which pom section to uncomment, (or add to)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; in the absence of infrastructure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; modules need to be part of the maven build not specifically to compile them, but to bring them into the wars as dependencies and/or overlays</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; mdiggory: that's one way to envision modules</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; or maybe i'm talking more about "add-ons".  there's a fine distinction there i think.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i think lyncode solved this nicely with his XOAI module (next agenda point) - he provides it with a nice and easy install script, you can look at it here: <a href="http://www.lyncode.com/dspace/addons/xoai/">http://www.lyncode.com/dspace/addons/xoai/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Lyncode ] - <a href="http://www.lyncode.com/dspace/addons/xoai/">http://www.lyncode.com/dspace/addons/xoai/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it sounds like we are getting around to the idea that, unfortunately, we don't have infrastructure to support anything "fancy".  So, this would imply that 3.0 distribution will look much like 1.8 (with everything together), unless someone comes up with a bright idea before "feature freeze"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sands: unless you want to engineer the complexity of an "addon mechanism" for dspace that operates like some OSGI container, the maven build process is the only mechanism we currently have to include an addon. I'm not being hypothetical</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; maybe all that's needed is to create a simple packager which will produce such install scripts (it's based on diff)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The addon inclusion tool should be something like 'tar' or 'unzip'.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; tdonohue: yes, we'd need the bright idea, but also modules would have to implement said bright idea.  not sure if there's time for that.  though if we're talking async releases of "add-ons", maybe not.  (imagineering)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; if you're an addon author, you'll create a package for the last stable dspace version</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; mdiggory: i'm not clear on the requirement for overlays/war includes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; helix84: yup</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; i'm sure there's more complexity for certain use cases, but if we're talking quick and dirty, we probably won't be able to cover every use case in the short term.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; lyncode's little install script for XOAI does look interesting, helix84.  The only small problem I do see is that it's Linux/Unix specific.  But, I'm sure we could build something similar for Windows folks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sands: dspace/modules/xmlui is an overlay of dspace-xmlui-webapp, the requirement is intrinsic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Now for the hypothetical....  The Maven "Assembly" process is currently a fairly typical strategy taken from the maven community...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the Assembly Process doesn't neccessarily mean "compile"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and/or "package"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; It may be possible that we can extend the assembly process to not use overlays in dspace/modules</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but instead pull the webapp that placed into target/dspace-build..../webapps from maven central</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; what about the way translations are pulled in during the maven step? could this work for whole modules?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; what mds does is use maven assembly to create installable zip files of add-ons…separating authoring time from install time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; tdonohue, i'm curious about XOAI's approach to install.  where do i look to see that script?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; helix84: thats part of the overlay mechanism...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; what does an installable zip provide?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sands: i linked it above. download the file.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sands -- helix84 shared the link to the XOAI's install script above -- <a href="http://www.lyncode.com/dspace/addons/xoai/">http://www.lyncode.com/dspace/addons/xoai/</a>   Just download the Zip file &amp; unzip it &amp; you'll see what it's doing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Lyncode ] - <a href="http://www.lyncode.com/dspace/addons/xoai/">http://www.lyncode.com/dspace/addons/xoai/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; jars, config files, war files, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers, will it resolve dependency conflicts?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mdiggory: I think so (I capture maven dependency info from build time at keep it in the zip, so it's available at install)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; at -&gt;and</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; is the install actually running maven then?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; no, nor ant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If we're writing robust code, dependency conflicts should only occur between e.g. 1.x and 2.x of a dependency.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, do we want to continue this thread, or stop &amp; discuss XOAI a bit?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (notes we are running short on time)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: thats my biggest concern, if my addon requires a newer version of dependency.jar, maven makes sure thats the one in the lib instead of the original designated by dspace, its the greatest benefit we are getting by the maven approach.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If your addon requires a newer version of something that comes in DSpace x.y.z then it isn't compatible with x.y.z.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lyncode&gt; we (lyncode) are studying various ways of making dspace "addon aware", soon we will share that with the community</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; ...and people will have to wait for the release of DSpace that you're developing against.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yes, mhwood summarizes the approach, is add-on compatible with current install vs 'make me a new system'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: richardrodgers thats not the practice that currently in place in the community</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That's a long-standing quarrel I have with the Java community in general. :-/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and IMO, its incredibly restrictive</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I just want to state publicly that I for one *love* Maven's dependency management, but firmly *hate* the fact that it's required to install DSpace.  No other major software (that I'm aware of) uses Maven as an installer.  We really shouldn't be either (though I also firmly admit this is not something we can fix before 3.0)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we already have to release our addons for almost every minor release of dspace, if we have to wait for a release of dspace with the same dpendencies as our addon, that would have zero tractability</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mdiggory: agreed, but that it the only way to get real modularity. If I have to rebuild all of Eclipse (e.g.) and all its dependencies to add a plug-in, it wouldn't work too well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue says ditto for Ant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; No, you should only have to wait for a release of DSpace that uses the needed MAJOR VERSION (1.x vs. 2.x) of a dependency.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; tdonohue:  agreed on using build tools for installation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: the other onption is to make a distribution of your addon with latest unreleased dspace. but that has its own disadvantages like untested code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: I think of DSpace's reliance on Maven as an installer-builder as the "siren call" for developers. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: to be clear, I'm not against using Maven.  I do like Maven to build DSpace.  I just don't like it for *installation*.  Normal users should never have to compile our code to install it. They should just run an install script or load a webapp in order to get DSpace setup.  Power Users/Developers can still build from source if they really wanted.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: the problem is the same as with linux distributions - there are two types - ones issuing regular stable releases vs. ones doing rolling releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm sorry if I sound cynical...  Its just hat we had this dialog already and its lasted almost half a decade now... theres what works now and hypothesis about what could be done thats better... proof is necessary to consider replacement, especially if it is going to have a large imact on existing users</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Argh, I've got to go.  'bye....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; At OR12 Chris Wilper chated with many of us about wanting to revision Fedora...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes we're into "overtime".  I'll stick around here though for a while. If you have to head out feel free</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and based on all their experience with OSGI and DuraCloud.... they were leaning towards that as a solution...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: what do you mean by "revision"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; "redo" Fedors</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; "redo" Fedora</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- yea, Fedora folks are looking to "re-envision" Fedora.  There are several areas of the software they've run into issues, and are looking towards "what is next"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm just trying to make a point....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory what is "that as a solution"?  What are you referring to?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; revision in what way? (there were several points made and i'm not sure which one you're referring to)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Unless there is someone in the community who is going to do the legwork to design, prototype and present a solution to the developer group for review, not much is going to happen here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and more importantly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mdiggory: check out mds - I think it does all this now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; unless the developer group IS CONSULTED on the design and their criticisms taken into consideration during that design process.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the risk is that there will be opposition to the final product...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and I don't think we as a group want to see people wasting efffort in that manner</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Iespecially when community resources are so limited</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: it needs presenting...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; there is a lot going on in mds.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm not trying to be a hard a$$ here... I'm trying create awareness</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; <a href="https://github.com/richardrodgers/mds/wiki/Modules">https://github.com/richardrodgers/mds/wiki/Modules</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Modules · richardrodgers/mds Wiki · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/richardrodgers/mds/wiki/Modules">https://github.com/richardrodgers/mds/wiki/Modules</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yea, my first thought about mds was why is it all in one heap? it would be better to use branches to develop the individual improvements</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we got burned this way with the 2.0  work...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- DSpace could also start to investigate the idea of forming "managed projects".  That's what the Fedora Commons folks are looking at doing -- putting calls out for volunteers &amp; funding geared specifically for a particular larger project (which may not be as easily implemented without such direct funding/support, cause of the lack of time that individual committers have)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; it's just easier to review and agree/disagree on smaller improvements than to look at a heavily modified whole</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; richardrodgers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; (he's on the phone for a second.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; helix84: for some parts, yes - build mechanics are independent of other things</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: Why not present it in the development proposals section of the dspace wiki, the way we've been trying to get folks to do so we know whats out there to discuss? I think there would have been earlier knowledge of this if it was under the DSpace umbrella</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; some of its ok... some of it, I'm cautious about...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mdiggory: PeterDietz and others thought that proximate documentation in Github was prefereble</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; preferable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but whose watching all these local forks out there????</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I do like having a certain amount of documentation right there in the github repo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; certainly having the installation / getting started.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; this boils down to development model, e.g. as mark mentioned in <a href="http://thinkupapp.com/docs/contribute/developers/devfromsource.html">http://thinkupapp.com/docs/contribute/developers/devfromsource.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Develop from Source — ThinkUp 1.0.8.1 documentation ] - <a href="http://thinkupapp.com/docs/contribute/developers/devfromsource.html">http://thinkupapp.com/docs/contribute/developers/devfromsource.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Hugo (~Hugo@a89-152-96-76.cpe.netcabo.pt) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Then, I'm not sure where to weigh in on the break-down of having the full functionality documentation in detail to also live in github, or to push that over to confluence</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; basically do one thing in one branch and when ready, ask for review (e.g. on mailing lists)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Hugo is now known as Guest55730</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i don't think _where_ the docs are is important as long as you notify us there's work you want us to review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; helix84: I have invited review from the start - and Github has notification tools galore - what would you suggest?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think we need to make it clear that the onus is in the contributor to present the contribution to the community, not for the community to have to go visiting the contributor... its not that the document is in github or the wiki, but that its presented in a manner that everyone can have an opportunity to have a say</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; a) message on mailing list - please review this feature in this branch, docs are here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the wiki for documentation has the added benefit that your already in the same format as the final documentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; b) pull request</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; helix84: arguing back the other way... I think Richards work predates the final DSpace github setup</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i'm not saying it's easy, i'm trying to get more eyes to look at XOAI the way i described and noone looked so far</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and in some ways isn't exactly viable for a "Pull request"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; noted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; helix84: the mds code has altered space content api in several ways - pull requests won't function as I think you intend</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think one of the issues here is that GitHub doesn't notify us when you update something in mds, richardrodgers (Or at least not via email).  So, even though I do "watch" MDS, I actually forget about it at times as I don't get update emails, etc.  So, when I finally remember I have to dig through code/commits to try and figure out what changed recently.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: in terms of the alterations, I feel like there needs to be something in the middle that is not quite as controversial a restructure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; let's approach it from a different angle: what do you think needs to be done to get your work into master?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if I understand "kernel" = "dspace-api"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; then theres no need for that dramatic change.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: yes, i have the same problem, too. i'll file an issue with github's software.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; your just adding some capabilities to dspace-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; helix84: yea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; helix84: mds contains a number of experimental extensions - many could be 'adapted' to similar function in master</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so you're not sure yourself if it's ready?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i don't mean for lack if testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; s/if/of/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; helix84 meant to say: i don't mean for lack of testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; helix84: no, almost none of it is production-tested, it's a laboratory setting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; perhaps interested parties could (virtually, google+ hangout, or something)  sit down with richardrodgers and walk through the changes.  some way to get a better understanding of the approach.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: theres so much in here... I agree that to be able to get parts into master... work needs to happen to make smaller units of change.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; but at some stage you have to decide - either it's the right way or the wrong way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and to recognize that theres overlap with some of it and other community member contributions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; for each individual improvement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Pluggable Search... Discovery with pluggable engines.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i mean either you want your improvement to go to master or it's a dead-end</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yes, helix84 that's why one can download, install and play with it oneself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; PluginManager Unplugged == greater adoption of Spring in a more conventional sense</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yes mdiggory all of those things</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think MDS is not quite a design proposal, as much as it is a scratch pad for potential design proposals, is my understanding correct, richardrodgers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; hpottinger: it is a collection of design proposals that hang together in a DSpace frame.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i know i can do that. what i'm getting at is that your model of a single heap makes it easy to do the experiments. on the other hand, it makes it difficult to extract specific successful work from the rest.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it looks like fun, and it's jumped to the top of my pile of "things to play with"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Guest55730 (~Hugo@a89-152-96-76.cpe.netcabo.pt) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll admit, helix84 is asking a lot of the same stuff I've asked richardrodgers myself recently about MDS.  I also do wonder when it (a) starts to come back into DSpace (as a whole or in smaller pieces) or (b) starts to become something totally "un-DSpace" or something else entirely. Don't take it the wrong way, richardrodgers -- it's a very interesting experiment. But, I do think helix84 is hitting on some good points here..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* HugoRibeiro (~Hugo@a89-152-96-76.cpe.netcabo.pt) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 helix84 (on the "single heap" point)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; helix84: yes, that is a complicated trade-off. I was trying to learn lessons from the DSpace 2.0 work, and keep it close to a deployable (minimal) whole system, rather than a set of design 'sketches'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; just to caution, if the distance (in effort and resources) between the dspace master and mds proposal is too great to be bridged with our current resources... the exercise is not going to be very beneficial to the community, not any more than a GSoC project currently may be</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I'm not trying to make richardrodgers do even more work here though -- it's just a matter of trying to determine if there's ways we can even *help* to separate pieces out that can be brought back into DSpace as Pull Requests)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 2.0 was deployable and there was a demo system released</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; it just did not have production grade capabilities at the time funding ended</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mdiggory: it varies with parts of the system. For example, the build/module system is entirely at the pom/maven layer (plus one DSpace installer class),</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; so the 'distance' is not great at all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; In other cases (e.g. data model refactor), the distance is larger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: IMO, if a contribution is presented as a solution to problems being discussed in the community, what we've learned so far is that we need the contributor to present the work in a manner that can be easily applied to the current codebase.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we ask this of our contributors, why not of ourselves?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers: is there any way to "document" or make it more evident which pieces are "usable" or nearly usable (with some minor tweaks) in DSpace?  Just curious if we could do a more concentrated review on some pieces (if there's anything "ready" for an early review at this point in time)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i was not watching development at the time dspace 2.0 was brewing, so take my words with a grain of salt, but i think dspace 2.0 as a whole failed for the same reason. it was a "single heap". there comes time of review - what you can do is accept or reject. it's more likely there's parts you don't like in a large heap, so you're more likely to reject it to the point it never gets done. ergo smaller pieces of work are more likely to get accepted.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSpace 2.0 was essentially a "single heap", that is true. It also was mostly implemented in a fashion where the majority of the committers unfortunately "fell out of the loop" and had major catchup to do at the end / had to dig through that "single heap" themselves with little formal documentation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: I'll try to sketch out some 'low-hanging fruit' in mds that might help. (GItHub wiki page?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I don't mean anyone to take offense to that previous statement about 2.0 -- that's strictly my own opinion. )</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; sorry everyone, gotta run.  there is clearly a lot to talk about surrounding this topic.  i hope we can have a follow-up, in this venue, or another.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; cheers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sands (~sandsfish@18.189.31.239) Quit (Quit: sands)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: can you not produce a clean fork of dspace in your user account and apply some of these changes so that they can be applied back as Pull requests and tested indivdually?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; that would have the additional benefit of rebasing it on top of current HEAD</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers -- whereever you sketch that up is really your decision. Just let us know where it's at (dspace-devel or dspace-commit).  You could also create a clean fork (separate project) like mdiggory suggests if you had the inclination, but that's really up to you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; of the github contribution strategies that we've been cooking up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; prefix that with "it would also be a good test"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Where are these "github contribution strategies"? :) How can I "catchup" with what has been discussed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: you wrote them?!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mdiggory: which changes? If, for example the changes in the content API, it would break all the business logic and UI code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Development with Git - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Development+with+Git</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; right, tdonohue linked to some and mark linked to another</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; see Contributing Changes/Patches to DSpace via GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: Oh..you decided on what I wrote up about Git. Ok, cool. :)  I don't know what you discussed at OR12, sorry -- it's not very clear in the OR12 Mtg notes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yea.... I thought someone else was taking notes ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I talked about forking repos and using pull requests...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and I talked about the JIRA workflow....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think there's a conceptual difference between what is an acknowledged "thought experiment" and a "design proposal", I think it's fine to work out ideas in a single heap, and may be the only way to work out some ideas, though it may indeed prove challenging to pull those big ideas back into the main development, but, sometimes you just have to scribble for a while until you see the work that needs to be done.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; for which the recommendations, if I recall were... make the stages more explicit for DCAT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: Glad to hear positive feedback then on my "Development with Git" page then. I haven't been sure whether what I wrote was "good" or "crazy" :)  It was mostly written while I was still digging into Git &amp; learning it myself.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; IE For DCAT review,  For Committer Review.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; speaking of "sketchy" my OR12 notes are very sketchy, but I'll try to make sense of them and add to the meeting notes page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I drankt he cool aid,  I'm not yet sure how many others did</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; were the JIRA workflow suggestions I've made discussed at OR12?  Are there changes to that suggestion that need to happen? <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/JIRA+Workflow+Improvements">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/JIRA+Workflow+Improvements</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ JIRA Workflow Improvements - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/JIRA+Workflow+Improvements">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/JIRA+Workflow+Improvements</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (see diagram on that page -- the text is mostly just describing what the diagram shows much better)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yes, I do think there was general agreement on that proposed workflow, tdonohue, no formal vote, though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i agree with the workflow, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok  -- I'll send an email to dspace-commit about the JIRA workflow then, so we can finalize it &amp; make it happen.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I do think we need to add a flag, situational right now, for "has patch, needs pull request"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; and i think i've found nothing blasphemous in your git strategies, either</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; there are a few issues from the SVN days with patches, just waiting for testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: good to hear. If you do find something "crazy", feel free to correct it.  :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i wanted to say that i love the diagram in the git workflow mark mentioned: <a href="http://thinkupapp.com/docs/contribute/developers/devfromsource.html">http://thinkupapp.com/docs/contribute/developers/devfromsource.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Develop from Source — ThinkUp 1.0.8.1 documentation ] - <a href="http://thinkupapp.com/docs/contribute/developers/devfromsource.html">http://thinkupapp.com/docs/contribute/developers/devfromsource.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; (click to enlarge the diagram)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mdiggory used a Presi from ThinkUp as well, very informative, hunting for link</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="http://prezi.com/itu6w7cvbbb5/github-scm-workflow-for-dspace-contributors/">http://prezi.com/itu6w7cvbbb5/github-scm-workflow-for-dspace-contributors/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Github SCM Workflow for DSpace Contributors by Mark Diggory on Prezi ] - <a href="http://prezi.com/itu6w7cvbbb5/github-scm-workflow-for-dspace-contributors/">http://prezi.com/itu6w7cvbbb5/github-scm-workflow-for-dspace-contributors/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we can/should just link those into our Git page.  I'm all for adding more diagrams around our Git Workflow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I have a copy of the image with DSpace shamelessly replacing ThinkUp</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hopefully ThinkUp won't mind</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; adding to OR12 notes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I unfortunately have to head out now...will catch up with any remaining discussion later!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: will you be on IRC tomorrow?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I have to run also, thanks all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@18.189.24.43) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm on IRC most every day (as long as I'm working, I'm lurking on IRC).  will be on everyday this week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; gotta run, too, thanks everyone!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ok, i'll contact you. bye tim</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: are you still here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Later, taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt;  yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; we have some unfinished business :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; remember DS-1193?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1193">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1193</a> ] - [#DS-1193] display bitstream read access permissions on item page - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; link to our IRC conversation is in the last comment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; uh oh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; did I promise anything?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; that's why i'm bringing it up - i couldn't get you to promise anything :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; you see, i based by work on status quo and you disagreed with status quo but didn't commit to changing it, so i'm blocked</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; s/by/my/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; helix84 meant to say: you see, i based my work on status quo and you disagreed with status quo but didn't commit to changing it, so i'm blocked</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; this week there was someone else on dspace-tech who also made a customization that relies on current behavior</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so, we have (1) call to the exposed rightsMD via parameters (2) xslt theming to show results.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and a debate that the exposed rights metadata tot he public might be a problem we should try to fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; the change you wanted is for access rights not to be accessible in METS so that access to access rights should be restricted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; you wanted access rights accessible as another XML document via another URL</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; oh yea, I was suggesting to write another transformer that could be access controlled.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; the problem is i have no idea how to do that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; heres an example that produces ORE for an Item</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-webapp/src/main/webapp/sitemap.xmap#L447">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-webapp/src/main/webapp/sitemap.xmap#L447</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-webapp/src/main/webapp/sitemap.xmap at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-webapp/src/main/webapp/sitemap.xmap#L447">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-webapp/src/main/webapp/sitemap.xmap#L447</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/cocoon/DSpaceOREGenerator.java">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/cocoon/DSpaceOREGenerator.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/cocoon/DSpaceOREGenerator.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/cocoon/DSpaceOREGenerator.java">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-xmlui/dspace-xmlui-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/xmlui/cocoon/DSpaceOREGenerator.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; it sounds like it would be a breeze for you ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; my time is very limited unfortunately.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So, I would say that unless its something you want to attempt, then we accept your current solution and document this as a future "want"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; that's what I wanted to hear (well, the first thing would be the promise, but this is second best :p )</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'll attempt it but I don't think I'll succeed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* barmintor is now known as barmintor_afk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; what I would say is that the first pass is good, if we add a hook to block exposing calls to METS from getting outside dspace, thats a good first pass.  I think if we enhance DSpace with my recommendations later, its not much to switch your solution to query the separate generator.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if we take that approach, the later work isn't really your problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and would really just need to be a second jira task</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i'll make sure to file it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lyncode (~DSpace@bl23-51-244.dsl.telepac.pt) Quit (Quit: lyncode)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* HugoRibeiro (~Hugo@a89-152-96-76.cpe.netcabo.pt) Quit ()</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>