<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2012-02-22
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stevew (~stevew@2001:630:11:f20f:dcac:8b3a:2717:3a1f) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:42]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stevew (~stevew@2001:630:11:f20f:dcac:8b3a:2717:3a1f) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDie_ (~peterdiet@128.146.173.59) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Vijeenroshpw (75c98e74@gateway/web/freenode/ip.117.201.142.116) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Vijeenroshpw&gt; hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Vijeenroshpw&gt; good evening</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@128.146.173.59) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Vijeenroshpw&gt; Is it possible to Emulate GitHub like functionality using DURASPACE ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Vijeenroshpw&gt; hello , any body home ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Vijeenroshpw:  DuraSpace is an organization, and not a software platform.  The software platforms that DuraSpace helps to support are DSpace (<a href="http://www.dspace.org),">http://www.dspace.org),</a> Fedora (<a href="http://www.fedora-commons.org)">http://www.fedora-commons.org)</a> and DuraCloud (<a href="http://www.duracloud.org)">http://www.duracloud.org)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, none of these software platforms are code repositories, like Git/GitHub or SVN.  So, I'm not exactly sure what you are wanting to emulate about GitHub?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Vijeenroshpw (75c98e74@gateway/web/freenode/ip.117.201.142.116) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C154B1.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, as usual our DSpace Devel mtg will be starting here shortly. Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-02-22">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-02-22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2012-02-22 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-02-22">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-02-22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cbeer (cbeer@2600:3c03::f03c:91ff:fedf:a498) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Welcome all. We'll kick things off with a JIRA review as normal. <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-951+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-951+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-951">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-951</a> ] - [#DS-951] Monthly stats report ignores items archived on first and last day of the month - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-951+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-951+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; today we begin at DS-951</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-951">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-951</a> ] - [#DS-951] Monthly stats report ignores items archived on first and last day of the month - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Assigned to Andrea Schweer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Looks like aschweer has claimed this one.  We can always see if she needs feedback/help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@18.111.47.178) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along then, to DS-954</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-954">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-954</a> ] - [#DS-954] Browse Pagination - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; interesting, sounds like a bug.  Any volunteers to investigate this one, and look at Dan's suggested solutions?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Wow, it's quiet in here.  I will look at it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, thanks mhwood.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, agreed, very quiet :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, Ds-954 summary: mhwood will investigate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next DS-955</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-955">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-955</a> ] - [#DS-955] Anonymize IP-Logging to comply to privacy laws - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Does hashing a 32-bit keyspace really provide much protection?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; See the concern, not sure DSpace is the place to address it (e.g. still can have IP addrs in Apache logs, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; to me, this seems like a reasonable request.  A part of me wonders though if there's two stages here:  (1) hash it initially, (2) after a month (or so) aggregate the stats and just remove specific IPs (once aggregated, we don't really need to keep IP specifics)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We are logging IP in both the dspace logs and that the statistics engine.  This is more specific to annonymizing those.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its important that a number of actions happen prior to anonymization</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers -- good point. I agree about the logs.  Not sure we should need to anonymize at the log level.  I'd be more interested in not storing IPs forever in the stats engine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Most important of which is GeoIP evaluation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; right, but after GeoIP eval is done, why keep around the IP?  Can't it just be anonymized to a general location at that point?  (or aggregated after a month or so)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We've been discussing a solution for distributed statistics aggregation for Dryad, part of which we've proposeda n approach of producing statistics specifc logs that only contain the event data that needs to be placed into solr.  This would also act as a backup datasource for DSpace solr based statistics and provide a source for other stats tools as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; these loggs would be generated by the UsageEvent system</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and update of solr would be a separate process.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this is not dissimilar to the current dspace.log stats processing loogic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Note the reference to privacy laws.  Recall that, just because something is sensible and useful doesn't mean it isn't unlawful.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and yes, at that point what was in the log would be anonymized</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: makes sense -- yea, I'd assume we'd want to anonymize after GeoIP (or any other initial necessary IP analysis tasks).  Is the work you describe for Dryad actually going to be open sourced?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; one generally wants to reduce risk of any sort of risk of legal action if one can avoid it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry I was attempting to rewrite that thought before sending it...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, most everything in Dryad is OS</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; going back to mhwood's question re: hashing a 32-bit keyspace, I think it's sufficient to clear the hurdle of privacy concerns, probably insufficient if you were talking security concerns, though since the specter of legality has been invoked, probably a lawyer would need to weigh in on that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the intent is to bring back projects from Dryad whenever it is possible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger &amp; mhwood, I guess then the question would be whether we should think of providing an option to hash it in the logs -- as it sounds like we have some general agreement that once it gets to Stats Engine, to should be anonymized after GeoIP (or similar)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: do you guys have any vampires (err Lawyers) available who can answer such questions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm thinking that we might want to immediately extract aggregated measures such as GeoIP results and just destroy the address altogether -- not log anything.  If a site has a specific problem then it could (with advice of counsel) insert additional logging to address the specific problem.  I think that might satisfy the law very well and not lose much if anything of value.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no. DuraSpace doesn't have that much money to work with :)  We might be able to borrow lawyers from a major university that we have a good relationship with though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; university of Transylvania?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The one in Kentucky?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: thats an interesting idea too however, we do retain the ip to post process bots if they are ever added to the bot lists.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so we need to be able to produce a hashing strategy to support detecting and cleaning out bots</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; deriving lat/long from IP and then storing that for stats sounds fine... would impact efforts to measure "impact" based on IP address, not sure if that's our concern, making it configurable would be best, not every institution has these concerns</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- agreed, interesting idea.  I question that we could get all the IP analysis (GeoIP / bot processing) done quickly enough to make it "seemless" though (i.e. we may need to keep that IP temporarily as mdiggory is saying)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I"m not sure you got that... the identification of a bot may come long after the logging event itself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and theres cli that are responsible for clearing or flagging bot records based on new IP added to the spiders directory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: I did get that, I'd just say that "long after" is relative.  It could be that it's "good enough" for many sites to do bot identification as of today, and then assume it's OK.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so, in that case being able to match on records that are bots needs to retain some variant of the IP</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; You may not say that if your stats get bloated with bot events that you can no longer tell were bots.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue may need to table this discussion shortly.  very interesting discussion, but we likely shouldn't take all meeting on it -- still, these are great brainstorms</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ablemann&gt; ....like the hash of it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; remember this is stats, they may be the worse king of lies, but we do try to minimize the error and achieve some level of accuracy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Make it configurable?  If your local law is persnickety then you turn it off and lose the ability to bot-flag retroactively; otherwise you can turn it on.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: stats are always 'relative' and accuracy is never a given.  The only way to truly be sure about whether an IP could be a bot would be to keep it 'forever' and keep checking (and even then, you still may not be right).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I do think there are use cases for keeping some record of an IP address, if it's legal for you to do so, i.e. some researchers might want to know # of downloads from various known institutional ranges</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hpottinger: interesting point...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, but that goes back to the "specific problem" argument:  if you want to extract more, add an extractor.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I suspect the appropriate case even then is to abstract it to some "state" like" oncampus" / "offcampus"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; interface StackableLogMassager....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; could also think about just making it 'semi-anonymous'....cut off the last part of the IP, so that "127.0.0.1" becomes "127.0.0" at some point...then, you still know *something* about where that came from, but it's not exact.  Just a brainstorm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; in any case, we probably should close up this discussion here shortly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mdiggory: requires that you know what you're looking for ahead of time, but I agree, that's probably the best approach</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood notes that many many addresses are effectively anonymized at the other end due to dynamic allocation, NAT, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The point being, not that we don't need to address this, but that the quality of the data is already iffy.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, shall we move on to other topics now?  We should post these discussion notes to DS-955</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-955">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-955</a> ] - [#DS-955] Anonymize IP-Logging to comply to privacy laws - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, please edit out my vampire references ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, time to go away and think.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; or, we'll just hash your name -- no one will ever know that it was "mdiggory" ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hahaha</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. moving on.  Quick announcements (jump in if you have comments, otherwise, I'll make this quick)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1.8.2 will be released on Thurs &amp; announced Fri.  Contact Tim if you have any last additions (but I'd recommend not adding anything else at this point)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; excellent</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Developers Virtual Summit is every day next week (20:00UTC) -- see: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-02-27+-+Virtual+Summit">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-02-27+-+Virtual+Summit</a>  for more details</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2012-02-27 - Virtual Summit - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-02-27+-+Virtual+Summit">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-02-27+-+Virtual+Summit</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Finally, as mentioned before we need to start brainstorming some project ideas for GSoC 2012: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/DSpace+Summer+of+Code+Ideas">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/DSpace+Summer+of+Code+Ideas</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Summer of Code Ideas - Google Summer of Code - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/DSpace+Summer+of+Code+Ideas">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/DSpace+Summer+of+Code+Ideas</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. that's it for quick announcements.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: what did we settle on as communication channel for Virtual Summit?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: do we need to jump through organization registration deadlines soon?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Virtual Summit will be via Skype (voice only), with an IRC "backchannel" (for sharing links, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; morse code...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; See the wiki page for connection details: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-02-27+-+Virtual+Summit#DevMtg2012-02-27-VirtualSummit-ConnectionInstructions">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-02-27+-+Virtual+Summit#DevMtg2012-02-27-VirtualSummit-ConnectionInstructions</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; hashed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2012-02-27 - Virtual Summit - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-02-27+-+Virtual+Summit#DevMtg2012-02-27-VirtualSummit-ConnectionInstructions">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-02-27+-+Virtual+Summit#DevMtg2012-02-27-VirtualSummit-ConnectionInstructions</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; k, thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As for GSoC.  Yes, DuraSpace will be putting in an GSoC Mentoring Application in near future.  Google starts accepting these applications as of Monday, Feb 27 until Fri, March 9</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, to answer mdiggory's question, DuraSpace is "on top of" the application process.  We'll get our application in on time, and we expect to be accepted (as we have in the past).  So, we might as well start brainstorming ideas already to get a head start</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think we should suggest using 3d printers to produce DSpace code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. So, the final topic I had for today was 3.0 features, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; A few small updates on 3.0 "team leader"  -- it sounds like kshepherd is going to volunteer to lead the release team (not yet official, but close I think)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory imagines kshepher1 had no knowledge of this prior to this last statement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Do we want to start talking potential 3.0 features?  It'd be nice to start to get some ideas/proposals down</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- that's not true ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, ideas for 3.0?  Anything anyone wants to throw out there?  Or are we all waiting for the Summit next week to hash this out?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'd like to see streaming and embedded viewer example theme make it in for 3.0, one way or another.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm thinking of completely replacing Browse and Search with Discovery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 hpottinger -- would be a flashy feature, I think</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; ixnay on the ashflay ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; agreedway.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- I also like that idea (I dislike maintaining multiple browse/search options long term). would be interested to know what others think on that too though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Plumbing renovation:  data model revamp, metadata for all, common authorization aspect across all interfaces.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; other things: metadata for all objects, death to dcvalue...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ablemann&gt; cleanup permissions system?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I like having it as an option, but I don't like requiring it. That's a mandatory new dependency (Solr) which not everyone would want</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; there are benefits to the consolidation that include:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to lots of plumbing and all those ideas that mhwood, hpottinger &amp; ablemann say.  Just a matter of choosing where to get started &amp; how much we can actually get done in time for 3.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; a.) less confusion on what DSpace supports from search features</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and obviously finding some volunteer "plumbers" to help with plumbing -- it's not the most exciting of duties all the time, but it's desperately needed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Split Browse and Search out.  Install Core DSpace and your choice of browse/search plugin.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 2.) consolidation of services such as feeds, open search and oai onto on single source (solr)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 3.) have only one central point to address the topic of restricting private items, Collections or Communities from showing in the users search results.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; ongoing MDS work should probably come on in for 3.0, and it's been on the list for a while, but common business logic tier is on my list of things that need attention</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; MDS?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1000 (can I vote that many times?) for "common business logic tier"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; modern DSpace, Richard's project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; MDS = Modernized DSpace = <a href="https://github.com/richardrodgers/mds">https://github.com/richardrodgers/mds</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ richardrodgers/mds - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/richardrodgers/mds">https://github.com/richardrodgers/mds</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; oh yes, thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; MDS is essentially already doing some underlying 'plumbing' / cleanup of things that need it.  So, it might be a good thing to build off of for those wanting to dig into even more plumbing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; note, theres a few things hpottinger and I have been exchanging concerning using WebMVC that suggest one approach for defining what might be considered to be buisness services</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; would be interested to hear more about these WebMVC / business services ideas/thoughts (maybe @ Summit next week)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; is there a writeup somewhere mdiggory ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; or if there's another way to bring these discussions into a more public realm that'd be good too.. (as richardrodgers just said)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mdiggory: you mentioned you might have some code to point at, on the datadryad site, would you be able to share this... and richardrodgers beat me to the question :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; That is, defining business services in spring and using WebMVC controllers as a means to define a business service and have it be actionable, with alternative view representations depending on client content negotiation...  ie, REST vs Webbrowser, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; the conversation started with me asking about implementing mdiggory's ideas for disseminator framework (GsOC proposal from last year)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Well, whats ont he Dryad website is some work around a proof of concept that Cocoon can be "isolated" and treated as just a View technology for SPring WebMVC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; s/GsOC/GSoC/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; hpottinger meant to say: the conversation started with me asking about implementing mdiggory's ideas for disseminator framework (GSoC proposal from last year)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and additionally that we can express externally available "Disseminations" of DSpace resources extensibly in WebMVC controllers and mediate the contentype of the returned response based on what the client is requesting for the returned content type, REST, JSPN, HMTL soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; interesting idea (if I understand it correctly). Would be nice to share links to this discussion if it's public</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the takehome point is that work on the Freemarker DSpace webapp and the XMLUI webapp can be aligned specifically on WebMVC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; JSPN is not JSON?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; P and O are very close together ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; soon so on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; anyhow, we've just been throwing around ideas, the work Dryad was there to support the use of alternative identifiers for resolving DSpace resources...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://dev.datadryad.org/resource/doi:10.5061/dryad.1385.2">http://dev.datadryad.org/resource/doi:10.5061/dryad.1385.2</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Data from: pubyou Contrasting pattern of natural variation in global Drosophila melanogaster populations ] - <a href="http://dev.datadryad.org/resource/doi:10.5061/dryad.1385.2">http://dev.datadryad.org/resource/doi:10.5061/dryad.1385.2</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; And the exposure of "Disseminations of the Item that may include exports, citations, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://dev.datadryad.org/resource/doi:10.5061/dryad.1385.2/citation/ris">http://dev.datadryad.org/resource/doi:10.5061/dryad.1385.2/citation/ris</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://dev.datadryad.org/resource/doi:10.5061/dryad.1385.2/citation/bib">http://dev.datadryad.org/resource/doi:10.5061/dryad.1385.2/citation/bib</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; admittedly, when I think "common business logic tier", I also think "common API that non-Java apps could also go against" (like recent discussions on lists around building alternative, non-Java web UIs on DSpace).  Not sure if this WebMVC idea would cover that..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this uses Spring MVC rather than Cocoon as the controller</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, that's something we could discuss in much more detail next week, if we wanted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; It has been used in such cases outside DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; starting in 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://blog.springsource.org/2009/03/08/rest-in-spring-3-mvc/">http://blog.springsource.org/2009/03/08/rest-in-spring-3-mvc/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ REST in Spring 3: @MVC | SpringSource Team Blog ] - <a href="http://blog.springsource.org/2009/03/08/rest-in-spring-3-mvc/">http://blog.springsource.org/2009/03/08/rest-in-spring-3-mvc/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, true. duh, if there's a REST API, there's a way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I do think at some point we need to have a hard look at Cocoon viability for 'next-gen' UI frameworks.....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds like a good discussion for next week as well, I'd be interested to chat about that too, richardrodgers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm not loving the idea of building against DRI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I took this idea to Bojan as well as a future direction to take that DSpace REST services in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes we are in "overtime".  Not gonna stop this discussion though -- good brainstorms of potential topics for next week's summit.   (but if you need to leave, you are obviously welcome to catch up later via logs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I like the webmvc @annotation syntax. It would seem like a very natural fit for a web service API. Although, someone could do any other java webapp framework. Or even implement a rest api in a JRuby JVM</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: thats one of the reasons I start to favor WebMVC, because it does provide for alterative view approaches outside of Cocoon,  the most significant point made thusfar about the common business tier is that there is business logic captured in xmlu, jspui, rest and now the freemarker UI that it would be beneficial to extract out and maintain separately.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the direction of development would be to support the WebMVC feature initially, then start to migrate the business logic out of cocoon javscript and various "Utils" classes into a set of common classes that could easily be wire together in WebMVC or just a plain old java, so on...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 I like the sound of this, sign me up :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that WebMVC would just be a mechanism to get us migrating code in XMLUI, Freemarker and JSPUI and place it somewhere common to test interfaces</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, by "WebMVC", I'm realizing mdiggory is talking about the stuff/business logic *under* the "Freemarker UI" and not the entire thing (which is what graham initially called the "WebMVC").  Just wanted to clarify that there may be a few definitions of WebMVC floating around</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; All I need to start doing some of the wrench work of refactoring that, is a direction of what coding paradigm to use for folding the business services into somewhere common.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; right, Freemarker is a templating language for presentation, like Velocity, or in the Cocoon case, XSP</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Freemarker is the view, WebMVC is the Framework</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, i understand mdiggory.  Just wanting to make sure all are on the same page.  It gets confusing if we aren't all understanding what you mean by "WebMVC".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ie, liek struts and JSP... blaa blaa blaa</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://static.springsource.org/spring/docs/current/spring-framework-reference/html/mvc.html">http://static.springsource.org/spring/docs/current/spring-framework-reference/html/mvc.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ 16.Â Web MVC framework ] - <a href="http://static.springsource.org/spring/docs/current/spring-framework-reference/html/mvc.html">http://static.springsource.org/spring/docs/current/spring-framework-reference/html/mvc.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, gotcha. just noting that Graham defines it as: "WebMVC is the new user interface for DSpace built on top of Spring's WebMVC Framework".  We need to tease this apart a bit, as it could get confusing: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/WebMVC+%28Freemarker%29+UI">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/WebMVC+%28Freemarker%29+UI</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ WebMVC (Freemarker) UI - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/WebMVC+%28Freemarker%29+UI">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/WebMVC+%28Freemarker%29+UI</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; even in github.com/dspace/webmvc, only a portion of it is WebMVC, thats all the java controllers.. see the root directory <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/webmvc">https://github.com/DSpace/webmvc</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/webmvc - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/webmvc">https://github.com/DSpace/webmvc</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; freemarker-themes, freemarker-webapp, webmvc-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I've got to run, but one thing I'm hoping to begin playing with in mds is the notion of different kinds of 'modules': some are application modules (web apps, cmd-line apps), and some are 'business logic' modules (libraries that support the apps)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Need to run also, until next week !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C154B1.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit:  Want to be different? Try HydraIRC -&gt; <a href="http://www.hydrairc.com">http://www.hydrairc.com</a> &lt;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; An added benefit of doing this in XMLUI means that we can consolidate services like RSS/ATOM/OpenSearch away from cocoon and reuse them.  That using WebMVC, one can stop having to hack sitemap.xmap to add these features which are not really truly benefiting from the XML Pipeline of Cocoon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; bye all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We may just want to rename the DSpace WebMVC project eventually -- it's more than just a WebMVC API, as PeterDietz notes.   I just don't want to get in areas where we get confused about what we mean by WebMVC (the project? the UI? the Spring framework?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@18.111.47.178) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; maybe</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; if there was more development happening on webmvc project, it might make sense to do that, but the only commits are Graham, myself, and Robert (from GSoC)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but, I can live with it as long as we realize that what we may be attempting to do is use it as a means to an end</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds like it's two projects:  a Freemarker UI and the Spring support for it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the "means to an end" is separating out business logic from presentation tiers when it is possible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that business logic would probably just be POJOs or Beans, not explicitly WebMVC/Spring</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; yep, the DSpace webmvc project the freemarker is currently tightly bound to webmvc. the controllers say something like:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; protected String displayHome() throws Exception {</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt;         return "pages/home";</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt;     }</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; and pages/home is freemarker stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; PeterDietz: yes, but, tbh, that example is not tightly bound ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; tightly schmightly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; because depending on the Controller and View technology you configure on the backside "pages/home" could mean anything</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; If you use the ContentNegotiatingViewResolver you can configure more than one view solution based on client capabilities</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood tries to suppress a vision of a website on which each page is rendered with a different one of the many many templating engines....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yea, I certainly did not mean that ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood just scared me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; he like to do that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue shivers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; PeterDietz and mdiggory, what do we need to get things going? Manifesto on the wall? White board?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Minions...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; many many Minions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; you can always recruit minions ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm wondering if I need to read mdiggory's services manifesto again.. But I'll still need a poking that says "make a CollectionAdminService in ...", and then have your ,,, use that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (though they may prefer to be called "volunteers")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger has already signed on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I can conscript others, but will need a rallying cry</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 4 out of 5 Doctors Recommend WebMVC?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Minions Assemble!   <a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzMnYxxwmGU">http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzMnYxxwmGU</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ MINIONS ASSEMBLE - YouTube ] - <a href="http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzMnYxxwmGU">http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hzMnYxxwmGU</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; mdiggory: java.lang.RuntimeException: ElemTemplateElement error: The xsl:variable element must not have both content and a select attribute.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; <a href="http://dev.datadryad.org/discover?field=dc.contributor.author_filter&amp;fq=location:l2&amp;fq=dc.contributor.author_filter%3Aabad%C3%ADa%5C-cardoso%2C%5C+alicia%5C%7C%5C%7C%5C%7CAbad%C3%ADa%5C-Cardoso%2C%5C+Alicia">http://dev.datadryad.org/discover?field=dc.contributor.author_filter&amp;fq=location:l2&amp;fq=dc.contributor.author_filter%3Aabad%C3%ADa%5C-cardoso%2C%5C+alicia%5C%7C%5C%7C%5C%7CAbad%C3%ADa%5C-Cardoso%2C%5C+Alicia</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Hey, stop that!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Its called dev for a reason !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ahh, didn't observe.. If I find anything on the internet, I automatically assume its some type of truth</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; there are many types of truth</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; anyhow, its now being address ;-) thanks for pointing it out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd be willing to sign up as well to help with a "business services tier". So, I'd also be a volunteer/minion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Other topics for 3.0 - I'd like to add the DSpace Item Level Versioning work thats also in Dryad.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We may just need to find ways to "make this happen" -- could even try something like a "virtual hackathon" of sorts to crank out some code, if we can get our various institutions to signoff on it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 to hackathon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; My hackathon project would be to build a Ruby on Rails client that solely consumes web services for all its data.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Additionally, the IdentifierService work that supports the /resource/ service that supports external DOI services... <a href="https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/identifier-services/">https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/identifier-services/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ dryad - Revision 5287: /trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/identifier-services ] - <a href="https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/identifier-services/">https://dryad.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/dryad/dspace/modules/identifier-services/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- I'd also be interested in seeing something like that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; RoR freaks...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; opse sorry, did I say that?!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; food coloring and fructose are cheap these days.. thus plenty of kool-aid</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes I agree actually reaching a point where the REST services are nailed down as to support actual client examples would be a good thing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ohh. I think we need to open the voting process for GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; PeterDietz: bug fixed...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 GitHub :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So PeterDietz did you start pushing changes in Github back to svn?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The goal for the REST API should definitely be to support actual clients like RoR or similar.  The more we can enable new UIs to be built on DSpace, the better off DSpace will be long term.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; GitHub will never sync down to duraspace's SVN server</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; if you want to "svn co" the code. use svn.github.com</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; <a href="https://github.com/blog/966-improved-subversion-client-support">https://github.com/blog/966-improved-subversion-client-support</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Improved Subversion Client Support - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/blog/966-improved-subversion-client-support">https://github.com/blog/966-improved-subversion-client-support</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, if we move to GitHub, we won't maintain SVN anymore.  So, syncing will stop</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, and the svn support can be used as a stepping stone it would seem.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; FYI - I plan on calling the official GitHub vote next week via dspace-devel, as I think we said we'd give folks until end of Feb</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; perhaps a redirect from SVN to the github svn would be helpful?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; which in that case I'm all for switching, but what about the various projects that reside in modules and sandbox?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, we can redirect SVN to github.  We also will put an "archive" of the SVN up to svn.duraspace.org (alongside the old archived SVN for Fedora, before they moved to GitHub)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- they'd also need to switch to GitHub, or we'd have to just leave them in an SVN "archive" indefinitely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; the nice thing about redirects is the SVN client nags you to switch your code base, it's nice that it "still works" but also tells you "you're doing it wrong"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so, we loose the fine grained permissions, but I think we are reaching a point where we would create separate repositories for individual addon modules?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; e.g., here's Fedora's old SVN archive -- it has all their old code from before they moved to GitHub, but it now has a README: <a href="https://svn.duraspace.org/fcrepo-mirror/moved-to-github/MOVED-README.txt">https://svn.duraspace.org/fcrepo-mirror/moved-to-github/MOVED-README.txt</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; no more fine grain. If you want fine grain, then that person is not a committer, they fork it, and you accept their pull-requests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but we have projects in modules that DSpace is dependent on that need to be maintained in parallel in Git</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-xmlui-lang/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-xmlui-lang/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ repo - Revision 6948: /modules/dspace-xmlui-lang ] - <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-xmlui-lang/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-xmlui-lang/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-api-lang/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-api-lang/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ repo - Revision 6948: /modules/dspace-api-lang ] - <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-api-lang/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-api-lang/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-cocoon-servlet-service-impl/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-cocoon-servlet-service-impl/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ repo - Revision 6948: /modules/dspace-cocoon-servlet-service-impl ] - <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-cocoon-servlet-service-impl/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-cocoon-servlet-service-impl/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-geoip/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-geoip/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ repo - Revision 6948: /modules/dspace-geoip ] - <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-geoip/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/modules/dspace-geoip/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- anything we need to maintain going forward would move to DSpace's GitHub: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/">https://github.com/DSpace/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace's Profile - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/">https://github.com/DSpace/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and thats what I'm talking about</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we'd likely have a <a href="http://github.com/DSpace/dspace-xmlui-lang/">http://github.com/DSpace/dspace-xmlui-lang/</a> , for example (doesn't exist yet obviously)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the structure of that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; mdiggory: We'll have to solve maven release problems that will creep up in the future. And rewire the poms to work that way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I assume the Maven release process supports git as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, anything that is *not* being maintained (e.g. old sandbox stuff) could just sit in the SVN Archive -- if we ever decide to pick it back up again, we could move it to GitHub then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, Fedora uses Maven + Git + Sonatype</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://www.sonatype.com/people/2009/09/maven-tips-and-tricks-using-github/">http://www.sonatype.com/people/2009/09/maven-tips-and-tricks-using-github/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Sonatype Blog Â» Maven Tips and Tricks: Using GitHub ] - <a href="http://www.sonatype.com/people/2009/09/maven-tips-and-tricks-using-github/">http://www.sonatype.com/people/2009/09/maven-tips-and-tricks-using-github/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; seems like you could complete the release entirely in your own local clone then push the changes to github, right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I ponder if that might ease release noise of those interim release commits prior tagging.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've got to stop scaring people and go home now.  'bye all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think the 'mvn release:prepare' does pushes to GitHub, so that a tag gets generated in GitHub  (at least that's what it looks like from the processing logs under Step #10 on that sonatype link above)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yea, I just read that as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://pettermahlen.com/2010/02/20/git-and-maven/">http://pettermahlen.com/2010/02/20/git-and-maven/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Git and Maven Â« Petter MÃ¥hlÃ©n's Blog ] - <a href="http://pettermahlen.com/2010/02/20/git-and-maven/">http://pettermahlen.com/2010/02/20/git-and-maven/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* PeterDietz I'm migrating DSpace-REST to GitHub right now.. I've been talking about this for months, and now is as good a time to move it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; opse, I have to run as well now, bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; PeterDietz: go for it...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 PeterDietz -- awesome!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm guessing success: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-rest/commits/master/">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-rest/commits/master/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Commit History for DSpace/dspace-rest - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-rest/commits/master/">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-rest/commits/master/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; now.. to incorporate HedTek's improvements</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, definitely. Let us know how that goes -- it seems like HedTek has done a lot of great stuff already</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>