<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2012-10-03
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hobana.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hobana.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hobana.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hobana.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@67.177.108.221) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp218.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (Quit: scottatm)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp218.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp218.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (Quit: scottatm)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Later, taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp218.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp218.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (Quit: scottatm)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp218.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp218.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (Quit: scottatm)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp218.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Later, taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (a@195.113.97.174) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C154B1.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Hi everybody I'm back</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Hi KevinVdV, how is married life ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Hi robint life is good :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@216.106.51.181.reverse.socket.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sands (~sandsfish@209-6-31-217.c3-0.smr-ubr2.sbo-smr.ma.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; a belated happy birthday to you, Sands!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; afternoon everyone, thanks hpottinger!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all...little behind here. Obviously it's time for our DSpace Devel Mtg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Agenda is basically just 3.0 stuff, obviously: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-10-03">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-10-03</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2012-10-03 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-10-03">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-10-03</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; &amp; yes, happy belated b-day to sands &amp; welcome back KevinVdV &amp; helix84</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; thanks tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; thanks, tim</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Thanks tim</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-216-7.sd.sd.cox.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm wondering if someone from 3.0 Release Team would like to lead today?  I feel I may not be up to date on where everything stands... All I have are questions :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i'm way behind, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; looks like we have a pull request for the Maven reorg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; awesome!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Well done mdiggory !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; Thanks mdiggory!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/90">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/90</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-1144] Maven Project Consolidation by mdiggory · Pull Request #90 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/90">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/90</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Shall we start there then with pull #90?  Thanks mdiggory!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm sure you were pondering the status...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; I haven't had a chance to test it, but I plan to in a bit.  In my experience though, Maven can be finicky per versions and environments so we should try to run this through a few test builds.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oooh, and it can be automatically merged...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; I don't have any reasons why it shouldn't be merged in.  Anyone else?  And we can all test it by pulling master?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I"m actually consolidating the commits</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if you wait a sec, there will be only one commit.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; go mdiggory go!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger appreciates these little hackathons we've been having lately...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger just wants to be the one to push the big merge button</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I actually had quite some revelations while working on them hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its still working on the rebase hpottinger youll need to wait a few more seconds</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; :-) I can wait</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; Any announcements of documentation that's about to drop from anyone?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger thinks mdiggory should press the button</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we are in need of some documentation help for 3.0 -- upgrade docs, OAI 2.0 docs need moving, helping document new configs in dspace.cfg (see the email thread in dspace-release)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; robint and I had a brief discussion out of band about Oracle DB setup instructions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'll bash on with the Installation and Configuration sections, but that should take up my time for the next couple of days</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if any have extra time &amp; are willing to chip in &amp; claim one or more documentation tasks, I'm sure it'd be much appreciated.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think they are OK as-is, though might do better with a tiny bit of clarification/push in the right direction</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; PeterDie_: are you there ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger -- sounds good. Have at the Oracle docs if there's ways to clean it up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue, last year you were handing out the link to the doc dev area, I think that helped everyone find where to edit the new docs...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Docs are at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC3x/DSpace+3.x+Documentation">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC3x/DSpace+3.x+Documentation</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 3.x Documentation - DSpace 3.x Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC3x/DSpace+3.x+Documentation">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC3x/DSpace+3.x+Documentation</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Docs needing help / review include....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Installation Instructions (esp. after the Maven Consolidation &amp; build.properties): <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC3x/Installation">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC3x/Installation</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Installation - DSpace 3.x Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC3x/Installation">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC3x/Installation</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Need a new page for Upgrade from 1.8.x -&gt; 3.x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: I'm dealing with the Installation section</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OAI docs need to be replaced/merged with OAI 2.0 docs: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC3x/OAI">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC3x/OAI</a>  (OAI 2.0 at <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/OAI+2.0)">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/OAI+2.0)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ OAI - DSpace 3.x Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC3x/OAI">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC3x/OAI</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; btw, I found this quite amusing when I ran into it on GitHub (I made a screenshot and shared it on an image hosting site): <a href="http://s15.postimage.org/x8pnzp649/mark_shining.png">http://s15.postimage.org/x8pnzp649/mark_shining.png</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ 1 ] - <a href="http://s15.postimage.org/x8pnzp649/mark_shining.png">http://s15.postimage.org/x8pnzp649/mark_shining.png</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; it comes from pull #83 :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: i'll move the XOAI docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Finally, I know there have been some new changes to the dspace.cfg file, mostly JSPUI settings that need doocumenting here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC3x/JSPUI+Configuration+and+Customization">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC3x/JSPUI+Configuration+and+Customization</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ JSPUI Configuration and Customization - DSpace 3.x Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC3x/JSPUI+Configuration+and+Customization">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC3x/JSPUI+Configuration+and+Customization</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; helix84++ good catch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Not sure if that helps..but those are the main areas of the Docs I noticed need some updates/help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks to robint &amp; helix84 for volunteering for a few of those!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; We (the RT) need to chase up docs in between the meetings</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 robint.  Might be good to actually get a list up somewhere of what is missing/needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i'll take a look but I don't want to promise too much, I need to ease myself back into work mode</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; I belive we also still need a new translations page for this release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; *believe</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: perhaps you could append your TODO list to the 3.0 Tasks page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; and we might use the new Confluence features to assign tasks ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd worry they'd get "lost" in the 3.0 Tasks page, to be honest...there's a lot on that page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, Confluence now lets you create task lists *within* a page, and you can assign them to people</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: it's still better place than in mailing lists, there they'll get lost for sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: but they're good lists!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, here...added a few tasks to the *top* of that Tasks page: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+3.0+Tasks">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+3.0+Tasks</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 3.0 Tasks - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+3.0+Tasks">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+3.0+Tasks</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This shows the new Confluence feature -- you can also *assign* those tasks to a user by @ mentioning them...I assigned on to helix84 &amp; one to robint (who likely just got emails)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory git is still working hard on local branch... appears to have gone into something called "Auto packing"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I can add the rest of what I know is necessary to be done for 3.0 to that task list, if it's helpful</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; and it added it automatically to my confluence task list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: Got it !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: go crazy with it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep...Task Lists is a cool new Confluence feature IMHO.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, will add what I can think of to the task list...as tasks are "done" you can check the checkbox &amp; it gets auto-greyed out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: if that's git GC then it's not really necessary and should probably be done directly on the master branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; helix84: I tend to agree... but it seems to have decided to do this on its own</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hmm, at this point I think I'll just push the button...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; go max, go!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: i still see multiple commits (not that I have anything against that)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tbh, I'm thinking that doing this over multiple commits may result in better tracking of where files went by git</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i tend to agree :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; that sounds logical.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok.... there it goes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok... next I did want to talk about <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/88">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/88</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ XOAI (Moved configs and bug fix) by lyncodev · Pull Request #88 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/88">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/88</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and talk about</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; the bug fix is necessary</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; and the move was requested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/89">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/89</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-1272] Enable Discovery By Default by mdiggory · Pull Request #89 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/89">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/89</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; helix84: yes, I just mean we're going to need to correct some of the conficts I just created</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (~mdiggory@ip72-199-216-7.sd.sd.cox.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes I just added a list of "off the top of my head" tasks to-do for 3.0 (at least up to Testathon) at top of <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+3.0+Tasks">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+3.0+Tasks</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so what's up next here?  Did we want to talk about pull #88? <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/88">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/88</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ XOAI (Moved configs and bug fix) by lyncodev · Pull Request #88 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/88">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/88</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-216-7.sd.sd.cox.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ is now known as mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Are we closing the door on any more pulls?  (Noting that did announce Testathon for next week, and obviously that means we need to release 3.0 RC1 very very soon to prepare)   Or do we need to delay Testathon again?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: bug fixes should be allowed at any time, no?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: 88 and 89 were there before the consolidation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; These pull requests are fairly minor, we could cut a RC and then apply the pull requests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 88 is certainly a bug fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 89 is making discovery default for search</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, bug fixes should be allowed anytime (including during testathon).  My point is just that if we want to do Testathon next week, we need to cut RC1 likely tomorrow (and we cannot wait around)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, if 88 &amp; 89 are agreed on immediately &amp; ready to go (I notice 88 is not auto-mergeable) then we could put them in ASAP.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So, anyone who wants to pull e.g. 88 or 89 needs to work closely with the RT to sequence pulls and RC prep.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mark, you probably know how to fix 88. i didn't even have a chance to look what the conflict is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (~mdiggory@ip72-199-216-7.sd.sd.cox.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; It just shows that git doesn't solve conflicts for you when files move around</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: git is not aware of files, just hunks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I completely forget what we decided  about "enabling Discovery by default?"  Did we approve that, or should we bring that to discussion/vote on email?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'm fairly sure it was voted on and approved</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; that's my recollection, as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok...my memory is hazy. :)  I'm fine with it, to be honest. Just couldn't remember</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok...so, I'd say if 88 &amp; 89 get in ASAP, then fine...but we likely shouldn't hold up RC1 release for either of them.  (Preferrably we get them in before RC1 if someone has the time to get it done)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; just need to be sure that the testathon sites are actually running the default configs :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i was hoping mark would volunteer for both :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; fyi. testathon sites actually may want to enable some features that may not be default (just so they can be tested as well). Otherwise we'll never get non-default features tested ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: like the mobile theme</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; exactly...speaking of which, that may  need docs too!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: adding a subdomain will surely require your attention</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; I can't really test 88</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; subdomain? no..we don't need to put all the testathon sites under dspace.org, to be honest....we've never done that in the past</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; it might be good if they can take a look at adjusting it...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: I tested it before your consolidation patch created the conflict</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: I should have merged it before, I just didn't have enough time before I left</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: i meant mobile.demo.dspace.org</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: noone managed to do the demo.dspace.org/mobile/ thing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, the big questions left in my mind:   (1) Who is actually going to "cut" the RC1 release? (I'd be glad to be available on IRC if support is needed, but would rather someone else do it), and (2) Who is going to update demo.dspace.org? and (3) are we still all comfortable with this all getting done by next Monday?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: yuck. Ok, I can look into whether mobile.demo.dspace.org is easily doable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 still feels out of touch with recent dspace activity and isn't volunteering today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Oh, shoot, another domain for my demo site, thanks for the heads up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; but if we can get our Cocoon guru to hack the sitemap, the /mobile thing should be doable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: I'm afraid I am also taking one step back having done the releases last year</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; <a href="https://bamboo.duraspace.org/browse/DST-TRUNK-112">https://bamboo.duraspace.org/browse/DST-TRUNK-112</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace - Master Test 112: Build Result Summary - DuraSpace Bamboo ] - <a href="https://bamboo.duraspace.org/browse/DST-TRUNK-112">https://bamboo.duraspace.org/browse/DST-TRUNK-112</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: I'd agree, I'd rather have someone new try out the release (it's not scarey, I promise!).  Again, I'd be glad to be on IRC to help support, if you let me know when you want to run the release commands.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; lol, not scarey</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* sands cringes and raises his hand for (1)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-216-7.sd.sd.cox.net) Quit (Quit: Colloquy for iPad - <a href="http://colloquy.mobi)">http://colloquy.mobi)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ is now known as mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yay, thanks sands, I owe you a beer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The release instructions are all posted on: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Release Procedure - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Kudos for sands :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks sands...again, if you let me know when you'd like to run the commands, I'd be glad to make sure I'm on IRC at the time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; working with git from an iPad... now that sounds scary. although I tried the GitHub client for Android and it's surprisingly good (for read-only work and comments at the moment).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; sands: what version of Maven do you have installed, 2.2 or 3 ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; robint: 3.0.4 ATM</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Perfect. I found it went smoother with 3.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; if you let us know the time, I'd be happy to cheer in IRC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sands: Things should go smoothly (but, admittedly, if there are any bumps, it's likely cause a POM isn't updated to pull from GitHub --- GitHub is the biggest change since the last releases we did).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sands: but, as stated, I'd be glad to be on IRC to help if something does throw an error (hopefully won't be the case)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; good to know.  i would like if it could happen this Friday during the (US East) day, but obviously we want to wait until the most logical time to cut it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 is in lurking mode now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; theres 70% fewer pom.xml files in master.... I think release should be a bit easier...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* sands cheers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes: I just added mobile.demo.dspace.org as an Alias for demo.dspace.org.  So, I think that should be usable now for the mobile theme</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; now there's something for the outside of the box</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to what mdiggory says</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; One thing I did not get to was moving dspace-api-lang and dspace-xmlui-api-lang resources under dspace-api and dspace-xmlui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; A 'dry run' release should show up any pom oddities without actually doing the releaase</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oooh, I wonder if we could all have a go at a dry run release...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 robint.  The dry run tends to find any issues you'd run into.  So, don't worry, you won't break anything, sands ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; robint: yes, we'll _definitely_ be doing one of those.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Quick check of a somewhat outdated checkout shows only pom.xml and dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-provider/pom.xml refer to "svn".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; hpottinger: yes you can</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint -- I forget, did you ask Sonatype (who we release through) for release permissions for all current release team members?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp218.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (Quit: scottatm)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; tdonohue:  yes, we were granted great power.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; with great power...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; cool.  Just making sure :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger thinks the least us fellow RT members an do for our fearless RC is to do a dry run</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; robint: exactly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; hpottinger: go for it, it test the docs apart from anything else</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp218.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I mean the release procedure docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; "svn" reference in dspace-parent is in &lt;licenses&gt;; in dspace-discovery, in &lt;description&gt;.  Looks good....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes -- to be clear, any Committer who wants to be able to do releases can setup a Sonatype Acct &amp; get those permissions.  The only reason everyone doesn't have those perms by default is that you have to go through the steps of getting a Sonatype acct setup.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, &lt;licenses&gt; should be fixed, if it hasn't been.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- feel free to fix it while you are in there, if you will..otherwise send a link &amp; I'll fix it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm just thinking that it will help me with viewing the process with such worry...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I've got to rush I'm afraid but I'll make sure I'm around on #dspace the next couple of days. Cheers all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Will see about fixing it but right now I have to go.  Making a note....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 hpottinger.  You should feel free to run a dry run.  Honestly, a release is just like any other Maven command...you just run mvn commands to do the release (and assuming the POMs are setup right, everything just works)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it's that last part that has me worried :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The worst thing that can happen in a release is that either (a) the Dry run fails or (b) the actual deployment to the "Staging Area" fails.   Luckily, with (a) it's just a Dry Run. And with (b) it's a *staging* area...so you just remove the failed stuff and try again.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The best thing is there is a *staging area* that lets you double check everything before it gets finally sent off to Maven Central.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; Only one way to find out.   :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've released one or two other (much smaller) things, and it truly isn't hard.  (Getting the Sonatype account set up--that was challenging.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Got to go.  TTYL</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Also needs to run until next time !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C154B1.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I think the only thing we may not have finalized is who is upgrading demo.dspace.org after the release is complete.  I'm assuming several of us may want to even work together on that to make sure we get all the new features enabled properly (esp those with docs missing)?  I'd be willing to help if needed (just let me know)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'll be working on an Oracle-backed testathon instance again, and can help with the demo.dspace.org upgrade, though my focus will be on getting the Oracle one going</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good hpottinger -- at the very least it sounds like we can learn from one another.   I guess I could always try and find some time on Fri to kick the tires of demo.dspace.org and try to get the upgrade in place.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes I need to head out here shortly too...  I think we have *most* things ready for Testathon (Thanks all, 3.0 is looking amazing -- tons of new stuff!).  But we may want to bring last tasks to email to ensure they get done before Monday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, blocking out al day Friday to do testathon stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp218.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (Quit: scottatm)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; gotta run all.  see you here in the next few days.  cheers!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sands (~sandsfish@209-6-31-217.c3-0.smr-ubr2.sbo-smr.ma.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: sands)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; hey, a quick shout-out to any IntelliJ IDEA users, can you glance at the revised IDEA integration page on the wiki and make sure I haven't added any fubar?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/IDE+Integration+-+DSpace+and+IDEA">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/IDE+Integration+-+DSpace+and+IDEA</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ IDE Integration - DSpace and IDEA - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/IDE+Integration+-+DSpace+and+IDEA">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/IDE+Integration+-+DSpace+and+IDEA</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and I also have to bolt, bye folks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@216.106.51.181.reverse.socket.net) Quit (Quit: Later, taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp218.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp218.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp218.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@67.177.108.221) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (a@195.113.97.174) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp218.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (Quit: scottatm)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp218.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp218.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (Quit: scottatm)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-216-7.sd.sd.cox.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>