<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2012-01-25
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:54]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-zelazny.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:54]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-zelazny.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:54]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-zelazny.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-zelazny.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz-alt (~dspace@sul272sandbox.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@voyager108.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ablemann (~alexleman@lemanal.new.xen.prgmr.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 244 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz-alt (~dspace@sul272sandbox.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@voyager108.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ablemann (~alexleman@lemanal.new.xen.prgmr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, reminder we have our weekly DSpace Developer Meeting here in a little over 10mins : <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-01-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-01-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C14B50.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@128.146.173.59) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz-alt (~dspace@sul272sandbox.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@sul272sandbox.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kompewter (~kompewter@sul272sandbox.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome.  It's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Meeting. Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-01-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-01-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@sul272sandbox.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; small crowd again this week. everyone must be slacking! :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ...or busy testing git</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we can only hope, PeterDietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, we'll get started with some JIRA reviews: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-929+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-929+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-929">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-929</a> ] - [#DS-929] Crisp thumbnails - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-929+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-929+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; first up, DS-929</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-929">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-929</a> ] - [#DS-929] Crisp thumbnails - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-108022.vpn.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; man.. look at those nice crisp thumbnails</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any thoughts on this idea to integrate ImageMagick for thumbnails (Ds-929).  any volunteers to investigate it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; seems like a reasonable idea to me, though I have no experience with ImageMagick.  It is nice that Cambridge has provided the code they use (see link in comments)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; These types of improvements on our (OSU) radar, however, not in next 3-6 months</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* JoseBlanco (8dd32b9d@gateway/web/freenode/ip.141.211.43.157) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I do like that there is code... could make it much less of a burden</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; We, the DSpace maintainers, what functionality would we like to see for disseminators?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so it sounds like at least a few of us feel this is a good idea.  Just needs a volunteer to tackle Ds-929</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Seems interesting I am willing to look into it if nobody else is willing ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; i.e. would you prefer to have DSpace know how to create renditions (derivative versions for display), or to just hook up a service like imageMagick that might be another webapp, that just does one thing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV : feel free to claim it if you'd like.  You can always unassign yourself if you don't get to it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; PeterDietz: DSpace can already create renditions, yes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Will do, if I find the time I will take a closer look (unless Peter Dietz objects &amp; wants it for himself ?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- I'd be fine either way to be honest.  I think there's a place for both options (i.e. allow DSpace to integrate with several thumbnail-generation solutions, based on your needs/desires)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; DSpace can do renditions, mostly just extracting text, or creating thumbnail images (from JPEG source, or of PDFs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, sounds like discussion has stopped.  Moving along to: DS-932</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-932">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-932</a> ] - [#DS-932] Retrieval/lookuap of objects based on their Handle - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; REST</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to this idea.  This seems like a basic feature that should be in REST API</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Does REST have its own JIRA, or is it a component of DS</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it's currently a component of DS.   It doesn't have its own JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'd say +1 to dS-932, rest should have good capabilities</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, so sounds like there's support for the idea.  Ds-932 just needs a developer/volunteer to start working on it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll move along to DS-933</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-933">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-933</a> ] - [#DS-933] Sorting and pagination issue - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; another REST issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't have enough experience with REST to know if this is an issue (assuming it must be, since Bojan put it in)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; He's maintainer, I image him dumping several issues is so whoever works on rest can do them all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; s/image/imagine/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; PeterDietz meant to say: He's maintainer, I imagine him dumping several issues is so whoever works on rest can do them all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, I'd agree PeterDietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* JoseBlanco (8dd32b9d@gateway/web/freenode/ip.141.211.43.157) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I wonder if we should stop JIRA here for today.   As this brings up a related question (not really on agenda though):   Who amongst those in attendance have used the REST API?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and/or is there anyone interested in that area of DSpace?  Or is it something that we just have "sitting around" right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I used it for a good 2 weeks several months ago.. It was fun, having to fix bugs made me stop using it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is it an area of interest to you PeterDietz?  Or were the bugs just too much?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Its sitting around now.. There was a mailing list thread a month or so back, that some group used it, fixed lots of bugs, and wanted to contribute, but we haven't followed up on that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmmm... I must've missed that thread.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm intending to play around with it, as it's a prerequisite for the Drupal DSpace module</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'd love to have a REST API.. We hit a problem with xmlui caching, that was a blocker to upgrading to 1.7, so I wired up Rest, got the data i needed, and had xmlui do ajax requests for recent submissions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; it worked</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I ended up fixing xmlui, and didn't _need_ rest. Plus rest, with inconsistent security, and potential to hang up the servlet container (tomcat), becomes a liability having on our production system</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd also love to have a REST API, and it seems to be gaining some traction in some areas.  I'm just wondering out loud how we go about "bringing it in" better (i.e. ramp up support a bit / improve on the buggy REST API that currently exists)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; seems like REST API could be a great out-of-box "feature" of DSpace 3.0, if we can find folks interested in helping it along a bit.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; <a href="http://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?thread_name=CAM4xwc6wmbkh92hBeZR1FJ5Fo1vhwA1pM8dpYUUDaO42iCsMew%40mail.gmail.com&amp;forum_name=dspace-devel">http://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?thread_name=CAM4xwc6wmbkh92hBeZR1FJ5Fo1vhwA1pM8dpYUUDaO42iCsMew%40mail.gmail.com&amp;forum_name=dspace-devel</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ SourceForge.net: DSpace: dspace-devel ] - <a href="http://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?thread_name=CAM4xwc6wmbkh92hBeZR1FJ5Fo1vhwA1pM8dpYUUDaO42iCsMew%40mail.gmail.com&amp;forum_name=dspace-devel">http://sourceforge.net/mailarchive/forum.php?thread_name=CAM4xwc6wmbkh92hBeZR1FJ5Fo1vhwA1pM8dpYUUDaO42iCsMew%40mail.gmail.com&amp;forum_name=dspace-devel</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; <a href="http://hedtek.com/2011/dspace-rest-api-testing/">http://hedtek.com/2011/dspace-rest-api-testing/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace REST API testing ] - <a href="http://hedtek.com/2011/dspace-rest-api-testing/">http://hedtek.com/2011/dspace-rest-api-testing/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; <a href="https://github.com/hedtek/dspace-rest">https://github.com/hedtek/dspace-rest</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ hedtek/dspace-rest - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/hedtek/dspace-rest">https://github.com/hedtek/dspace-rest</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks for the links, PeterDietz.  I must've completely missed this work &amp; email thread.   Would be good to pull that into REST API, as it sounds useful</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; maybe we need to create a JIRA ticket for that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I think we'll run into our core-DSpace vs modules issue. Rest is currently a module. Ideally it should be/stay a module. But its not going to have as many hands on deck if its codebase is outside of coreDSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; To bridge hedtek's work into our/Bojan's rest code, we need to rebridge their histories together. Hedtek did a history-less clone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ugh. yea, I get what you are saying</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; glueing two things together is doable. Not pain-free, but doable. I had planned to spearhead that one. However, I'm not sure if Bojan has looked at git at all. (sorry for making premature assumptions on code base future)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well, step #1 seems to be to get this project into JIRA, so that we can start discussions around what it may take, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and to hopefully bring Bojan in the loop, if he missed the thread)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; As is stands, I look at DSpace-REST, and say, "wow, so much promise, I wish it were more stable".. From hedtek's blog, it looks like they then built a test-suite, and worked many many bugs out.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- would you be willing to enter this rebridge/merge project into JIRA (with links provided above).  That way we can point Bojan at it, and find a volunteer to take it on (whether that's Bojan, yourself or someone else).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I got an idea... What if we wired up demo.dspace to use the rest-api, so it could get more notice</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it could also be used to start discussion as to whether REST API codebase could move to GitHub, so that folks like hedtek can more easily fork it and send pull requests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to that idea (putting REST on demo.dspace.org).  I just never have gotten around to that one.  But, feel free to do ASAP if you have a few extra cycles.  It'd make it much easier to play with REST</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ...and that would be just enough motivation for me to bridge the two code-bases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; PeterDietz, if I can help out in any way with incorporating hedtek's work, I volunteer, this touches two of my favorite concerns (external UI support and testing)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; sidenote: I'd also like to put the dspace-webmvc code up their too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (Sidenote: The development of the 'dspace-replicate' module has now moved entirely to GitHub.  I'm loving it so far)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (FYI the 'dspace-replicate' module is the DSpace Replication Task Suite: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/ReplicationTaskSuite)">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/ReplicationTaskSuite)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; .addpoint tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; tdonohue: +1/-0, 1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it's a shame kompewter doesn't just recognize "+1" as ".addpoint" :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. in any case, it sounds like we have a few actions out of this REST discussion.  (1) enter a JIRA task about the code merge, (2) start discussions about possibly moving REST to GitHub, (3) actually find someone to do the merge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz, do you want to take the lead on action #1 (and even possibly #2).  I'm all for trying to get all of these done in nearish future (just don't have the cycles myself right now)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (if you don't have time either, that's fine -- just thought I'd ask)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I can (1) create a jira ticket about hedtek's contributions/etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; i can (2) email Bojan / list about moving project to github.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds great! thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I remember asking Bojan when were in Mountain View about git, and he hadn't looked into it. And was thinking "i know svn, i'll stay there".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, now might be a good time to ask again, especially now that we can point at other contributers on github (hedtek).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and I agree we should just start a thread on that on dspace-devel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, going back to our Agenda, my only other thought here was to start discussing whether there are any "larger projects" we may want to investigate more for 3.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ... and whether we want to start setting up a few Special Topic Meetings to see if we can get moving along  (or find a few volunteers to start moving them along, even if it's a bit slow at first)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Obviously, as we have a long time until 3.0 (Fall/Winter 2012), now is the time to start thinking about if there's any larger projects we all feel are important to start to work towards (in the hopes they may be ready for 3.0)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; a few large projects that I'm aware are getting lots of support include:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (1) Common Business Logic API -- trying to avoid/remove logic duplication between all our UIs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (2) Metadata improvements (subtopics: updating us to latest DC/DCMI schemas, Metadata on all objects, support for a few more metadata schemas) --&gt; This has large support from DCAT it seems</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, my question is what do we feel are good "next steps" here?  A special topic meeting (or two)? send a call for volunteers / team of devels?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and are there any other large topics we really should look to tackle soon?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; An issue getting tracking in DCAT is the idea of embedded players and/or streaming servers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/dsforum/DS-1021+Add+integration+with+an+online+document+viewer">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/dsforum/DS-1021+Add+integration+with+an+online+document+viewer</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1021">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1021</a> ] - [#DS-1021] Add integration with an online document viewer (like flash based FlexPaper) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1021 Add integration with an online document viewer - DCAT Discussion Forum - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/dsforum/DS-1021+Add+integration+with+an+online+document+viewer">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/dsforum/DS-1021+Add+integration+with+an+online+document+viewer</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yep, that's another I've heard would be nice.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; plus, Ds-1021 would be a very nice "flashy" feature for DSpace 3.0, if we could find a volunteer or two</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; DS-121 would be very nice.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-121">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-121</a> ] - [#DS-121] XMLUI Feedback form breaks with multiple hostnames - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; err 1021 :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; :) yea, I thought that was a typo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I have a question about "i don't trust my content in the cloud". If your university's content repository (DSpace) houses the archive copy of a video, what is wrong about leveraging some type of curation-task auto-submit videos to YouTube, to facilitate streaming?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz: what's the context around that question? not sure I understand?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I was thinking document-streaming.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, well, I think it would be reasonable to auto-submit videos to YouTube, assuming they are *public* videos.  The issue comes about when you may want to restrict access to just on-campus users (which I'm not sure something like YouTube would support)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; You house a copy of a pdf, image, audio, video. And DSpace can only serve binary content. If you use a fancy-streaming-service, then you can deliver all the bells/whistles to meet needs of presenting content well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: +1 YouTube is OK for open-access materials, as any other cloud-based service</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- another issue is that there's a limit to the amount of content you often can push to a cloud-streaming-service (without having to pay money)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, I see DS-1021 as basically saying that they want DSpace to support some simple "document-streaming" services out-of-the-box, if possible (though no mention of Video streaming here, just document viewing)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1021">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1021</a> ] - [#DS-1021] Add integration with an online document viewer (like flash based FlexPaper) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; hmm. I think @mire already offers document streaming</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; they do, but for a price :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; better/friendlier interface to large objects: page turning for PDFs/books, and tiling image viewer for large images</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; I don't really care about streaming, it would just be nice to have a good page turner for DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; <a href="https://picasaweb.google.com/115522466408243604820/OSULibrariesDSpaceDesigns#5516829984952797698">https://picasaweb.google.com/115522466408243604820/OSULibrariesDSpaceDesigns#5516829984952797698</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Picasa Web Albums - Peter Dietz - OSU Libraries... ] - <a href="https://picasaweb.google.com/115522466408243604820/OSULibrariesDSpaceDesigns#5516829984952797698">https://picasaweb.google.com/115522466408243604820/OSULibrariesDSpaceDesigns#5516829984952797698</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm tinkering around with a couple of things, Multivio for page turning and PanoJS for images</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; cool, hpottinger. are those both free/open source?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue, yep</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz: are you saying you already have a page turner at OSU?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: cool, sounds like some good directions then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Multivio is JS front end, back end is Ruby; PanoJS is all JS, requires a "pile of tiles" for each image</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notices we're running over time here.  I'll stick around though to continue this discussion. If folks need to head out, feel free.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; The code for integrating the book-reader is in a state of dis-repair. <a href="https://github.com/osulibraries/xmlui-webapp/tree/master/themes/book-reader">https://github.com/osulibraries/xmlui-webapp/tree/master/themes/book-reader</a> Our Repository Admin committee shot the book reader down, so we stopped developing it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ themes/book-reader at master from osulibraries/xmlui-webapp - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/osulibraries/xmlui-webapp/tree/master/themes/book-reader">https://github.com/osulibraries/xmlui-webapp/tree/master/themes/book-reader</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- browsing through your OSU DSpace pics, you all have a lot of nice features.  We should convince you to try and send more code back, if you can ever find the time! :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: 1021 only mentions document streaming, but, obviously, the concerns are the same for any large object stored in DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I think if I had an espresso machine at home, and then didn't have to go to work anymore. I could figure out how to accomplish it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 hpottinger -- I agree. we should look towards better "visualizations" of objects in DSpace in general.  So, we should be free to extend beyond just the requirements of Ds-1021</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sorry, just got back from nursing a sick SAN.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz: haha :)  Well, either that, or see if you can push it all up towards GitHub (if it isn't there already), and someone else who wants the feature can dig through it and pull out the "good parts"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: poor sick SAN. hope it's feeling better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It was when we left.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Anyway, I see people talking about "page turner" and I always think, "doesn't Adobe Reader already do that?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; i have the same issue at the rest code. I moved OSU's code base to git way before I made the SVN-DSpace.org &lt;-SYNC-&gt; GitHub. So the code bases are disjoint, so they can't "merge". I have to figure out how to stitch it together.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: Adobe Reader doesn't do random seek until the entire object is downloaded</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Huh, I was sure I had seen it do that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz: ah, I see.  Well, again, if someone else really wanted the feature, and the code is in GitHub, maybe they'd still be willing to help move some features back into main DSpace code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yea, I think hpottinger's right. You have to download the full object first with Adobe.  The online page turners can be nice if you don't want to download a large file yet (or alternatively are accessing via a mobile device, which may or may not have good Adobe support)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood, I'm pretty sure we've had this conversation before :-) I can look it up if you wish.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ah, that would be my memory acting up again.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz: looking at your OSULibraries github account makes me realize we should encourage folks to stick their custom Themes up somewhere for sharing: <a href="https://github.com/osulibraries/xmlui-webapp/tree/master/themes">https://github.com/osulibraries/xmlui-webapp/tree/master/themes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ themes at master from osulibraries/xmlui-webapp - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/osulibraries/xmlui-webapp/tree/master/themes">https://github.com/osulibraries/xmlui-webapp/tree/master/themes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; would be great to have everyone post their themes up to GitHub somewhere, so that others can build from them &amp; improve, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; thats where I was going with: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/xmlui-webapp/network">https://github.com/DSpace/xmlui-webapp/network</a> but only OSU, and SUNScholar jumped</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ The xmlui-webapp Network - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/xmlui-webapp/network">https://github.com/DSpace/xmlui-webapp/network</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aha, didn't realize that PeterDietz.  Maybe it just needs some more publicity (and obviously be maintained more), to see if others would also jump eventually</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; just something to think about, assuming we do the GitHub jump.  I like the idea of having a separate "repo" of themes that folks can fork &amp; also request pulls back into.   May be what we really neeed to move the out-of-the-box DSpace themes forward</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* PeterDietz is on the fence. But leans towards helan går. i.e. have a full fork of DSpace for *all* university customizations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; otherwise, I have to get in the habit of subtree splitting my themes etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I need to run guys, cya later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; later KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C14B50.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that would also be quite nice.  Just thought that at the very least, more sharing of themes could help us all immediately share UI changes (and rapidly improve the UI)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; Patches are so much easier to deal with on git than svn.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; and like you allude to it allows for much more realistic workflows.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 scottatm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I imagine that University of Finite Resources (aka UFR), will not be making dspace-api changes, but will only have ever customized dspace-xmlui-webapp, or dspace-jspui-webapp. They could full fork the whole project, and will only ever expose their theme changes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; That is fine, UFR does that and then they can easily (okay, more easily) remerge with someone's master branch when they are ready to update.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Here at the University of So-Big-We-Wonder-Why-Our-Football-Players-Don't-Receive-Salary, we'll have our hands dirty in every bit of the code. So if you look at ours dspace-api is crazy, submission is crazy, themes are crazy, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; though an alternative approach may be to have "out-of-the-box" themes sit in the full fork.  But, maybe we actually have a separate "repo" for "additional themes" that anyone can contribute to &amp; also decide to install into their existing DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; so its simpler for me to not split</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i.e. two repos:    (1) Full DSpace Repo --&gt; has out-of-the-box themes, (2) Theme Repo --&gt; has additional themes which are provided/created by the community</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; Having all the code available for UFR dosn't make their task of just editing the theme.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; StuartLewis and I (in Madrid 2010) were proposing to have a theme development contest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; There are just some extra code available for them, that they can ignore.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; When, if, they need to make a more substantial change it will seem natural.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* scottatm votes for keeping dspace together as one project.... but I guess I'm biased being from a Why-Don't-Our-Football-Players-Have-A-Salary type of school :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; err one core project at least.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The one advantage of the "Theme Repo" idea that I can see is that it won't require the core team to manage/test/maintain every possible cool theme before a new release.  Instead, if they were in a separate repo, then they could be updated post-release by community to be compatible again.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Another way to split things:  pull all of the UIs out of core as separate modules.  Themes go along with XMLUI, then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Git does support submodules.. Which could be somewhat what we're talking about here.  I'm still on the one-big-project side of things. Another thought, kind of like a wordpress themes gallery, would be to have a gallery of xmlui themes, that people build. Some are free (Reference, Kubrick, Mirage), others are $10+ OSU_Snazzy_Theme, $2000 @mire document streaming theme</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (but, this is all just a brainstorm)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; Peter, but if you follow the wordpress example.... you have a core product with at least one theme.... then individual projects for all the other themes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; That seems fine to me, so long as there is one basic theme in core project.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, we want to keep the property that DSpace just shakes out of the box and runs, I think.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; (Mutter, mutter, just installed Fedora for the first time and it doesn't *do* anything....)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; .addpoint mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; mhwood: +1/-0, 1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I wasn't saying we move all themes to an external 'repo'.  I agree, DSpace needs to have some base themes out-of-the-box.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But if there's a place to go looking for themes, then DSpace only need come with *one*, just so it works without extras.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; was just wondering out-loud if it'd be worth having a separate "theme repo" where community developed/maintained (i.e. not-centrally-maintained) themes can be submitted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I did that the other week too. I never figured out how to upload a file/bitstream into it. I was thinking I had to construct some xml-wrapper first, and gave up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: fun thing to hook up to Fedora: <a href="https://github.com/emory-libraries/eulfedora">https://github.com/emory-libraries/eulfedora</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ emory-libraries/eulfedora - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/emory-libraries/eulfedora">https://github.com/emory-libraries/eulfedora</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: correct. DSpace only needs to come with *one*, as long as it's easy to install others</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; tdonohue: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I think thats a happy enough note to end on today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, i probably should get back to work too :)  I do like this "themes repo" idea though.  We may want to try and make that happen someday soon(ish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ./dspace theme-install git://github.com/osulibraries/xmlui-webapp.git</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks hpottinger:  will take a look.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz: could be an interesting idea -- install via git repo ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; PeterDietz: would be a cool tie-in with some of the scriptable theme work you guys are doing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger votes for the OSU Snazzy theme becoming *the* theme for out of the box DSpace :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* PeterDietz votes for DSpace App Store to fund me selling add-ons so I don't have to go to work, so I could actually have time to build clean add-ons in the first place.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 hpottinger (and +1 PeterDietz for the nice work on the OSU Snazzy theme)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; ooh, DuraSpace App Store ++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I'd love a DuraSpace App store ++   We just need someone to come up with a decent App install/update "framework" that we can work from.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSpace App Store, I mean</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Nobody will pay more than $1 for those add-ons -- Apple has folks trained.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; $1 a pop adds up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Times how many million DSpace sites?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; not so sure, these are universities.  They willingly throw away money all the time (kidding, mostly)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; App Store works because of the scale of the market.  I think we don't have the volume to make that kind of pricing practical.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; only 1,500+ known DSpace sites.  So, you'd need them each to buy several add-ons, or charge for updates/upgrades</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bbbbb (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; well, scale out from what an individual finds an acceptable expense for "let's just try it" software, $1 to a university, I'd say $1K is probably the sweet spot</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I still think an App Store would make sense for DSpace though -- it'd just be more like an easy way to install themes/modules from the Admin UI though, ala WordPress (and less about trying to charge for apps -- though maybe eventually it could build to that)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'll publish my themes for free. (I reserve the right to put AdWords in.. Ad for Viagra, next to research paper on male anatomy)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; again, we're mostly just waiting for someone to figure out a framework for how to easily install/update an "app" (where it may be a module or a theme)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger mops up the spit-take, thanks a lot, PeterDietz, tea all over my keyboard</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Theme separation from the rest of DSpace is fairly clean.  The module interface...not so much.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood : yea, that's what I was implying by needing a "framework".  We essentially need a new "app interface", which makes the separation cleaner.  Then, we go back to each module and rework it so it behaves like an "app"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; hpottinger: You're welcome. ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood tries not to think about a UML description of all of DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue agrees</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; all these ideas all kind of tie together, though... part of the appeal of Fedora is that it's just a box to put stuff in, with an API to work with... I was struck at OR11 by the number of people sitting around in the halls tinkering with Fedora on their notebooks... having a framework to encourage and reward "just tinkering" would be great</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger wanders downstairs to tell the kids to turn down their computer games</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; admittedly, there are days where I wish we could find a way to "gut" parts of DSpace and start afresh.  Not saying it's all that bad, but it's definitely very inconsistent. Some areas need quite a bit of attention as they really are 10-year old approaches to an ever changing definition of 'repository'.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, I like the fresh ideas that something like an "app store" could bring to things.  It could be a way to potentially slowly migrate all the old, ugly pieces into fresh, new "apps"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bbbbb (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yeah, we need to stare at all of the bits of DSpace that usually make us think, "I'd rather not look at that".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; special topic: what needs to go?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; or special topic: refactoring</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "what needs to go" is hard, as it doesn't necessary need to go away.  Just may need a lot of rework/rethinking.  So, refactoring may be a better way of putting it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; just remembering back to that epic refactoring session that GrahmTriggs put in a while back...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Agreed, what needs to go is some of the ways the code is organized rather than any piece we could point to.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; again, a part of me does wonder though if we could be more comfortable "refactoring things" if we could figure out an "app store" interface/approach that makes more sense.   This direction is parallel to how EPrints has reworked itself ...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe the proper approach is to just start at the bottom and ask ourselves, "is this good layering, or could we simplify?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Eprints essentially created their own App Store and then refactored everything into an "App" that could be easily installed/updated into that store.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood +1 -- yea, simplification may be key here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sorry, must go.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I do think this would be a very beneficial special topic meeting, I think the business logic layer is a great example of this kind of work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds like a good idea for a special topic meeting, and a possible parallel thread on dspace-devel.  I'll look into scheduling it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; PeterDietz, I'm also lurking in code4lib IRC right now, and saw a mention of ActiveFedora, which you might want to look into if you're still playing with Fedora at all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ActiveFedora looks really cool (at a glance anyways) -- makes for easier Ruby on Rails development on Fedora.  Never tried it myself, just looks pretty cool.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; tdonohue: You should really take a look at the Play Framework. We've been working with it here for a few smaller projects so far and it has worked out really well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; <a href="http://www.playframework.org/">http://www.playframework.org/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Play framework - Home ] - <a href="http://www.playframework.org/">http://www.playframework.org/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; It gives you want you want from Ruby/Django but in Java with out all the complexities "groovyness" of Grails.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:20]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger has tinkered with Play Framework a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmmm...cool :)  I had heard of it before, just never tried it out.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; We're working on a batch import tool that might be ready to share sometime in 2013, it will be written in play.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; perhaps a novice/obvious question: any thoughts on whether Play could help with DSpace development?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; yes.... tremendously... but it's a big project.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue that would be totally cool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aha. ok, will have to take a look</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; I think it's an ideal framework for a DSpace UI.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; It's something that you can hand over to a CSS/HTML developer and let them tweak, robustly supports tests and real time reloading.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I personally feel like DSpace needs to be taking more advantage of modern frameworks (that can allow for more rapid development/prototyping).  Play may be a good match in that way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; would get us into writing Scala, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; One of the really great things for java developers is the dynamic reloading. So you change a java file, and then click on your browser to re-load the page. It's compiled in realtime. No need to run a mvn package, or anything.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; Scala is completely optional.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmm... quite cool.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; (although the templating language for the 2.0 release will be scala based)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; That's very minimul, it's not like you need to be a scalar developer or even know what scala is.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; scottatm -- do you happen to have any Play projects that you are willing to share as a "sample project".  Or are you all still just getting familiar with all that Play can do?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; sure.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; I got three for you:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; <a href="https://github.com/TAMULib/Shibboleth-play">https://github.com/TAMULib/Shibboleth-play</a> - A play "module" that supports Shibboleth authentication</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ TAMULib/Shibboleth-play - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/TAMULib/Shibboleth-play">https://github.com/TAMULib/Shibboleth-play</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; <a href="https://github.com/TAMULib/PiperApp">https://github.com/TAMULib/PiperApp</a> - The afore mentioned batch import tool this is a long ways from ready - it has no UI right now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ TAMULib/PiperApp - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/TAMULib/PiperApp">https://github.com/TAMULib/PiperApp</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; <a href="https://github.com/TAMULib/DirectoryApp">https://github.com/TAMULib/DirectoryApp</a> - This is our first complete application. This is probably the best one to look at, it is an employee directory for our library. Browse LDAP, view homepages, etc....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ TAMULib/DirectoryApp - GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/TAMULib/DirectoryApp">https://github.com/TAMULib/DirectoryApp</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; Grab the DirectoryApp, install play, then run "play test"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; It will bring up the directoryApp in a test mode, from where visit the url: <a href="http://localhost:9000/directory/">http://localhost:9000/directory/</a> and see the application with test data.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; Or visit the URL: <a href="http://localhost:9000/@tests,">http://localhost:9000/@tests,</a> click run all tests and prove that the application works.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; cool. thanks! I just figured that might make it easier to dig around and see how it all works</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (didn't realize TAMULib was on github.  good to see!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; Just some projects that we don't mind publishing open source.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; Others we're a bit skiddish about... we're still using SVN internally for those.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; scottatm, I'm going to check out your PiperApp, and may be in touch about it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; hpottinger: it is at the very early stages.... there's not much there right now but hope.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:33]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger is OK with just hope</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; this gives me lots to look at. :)    Play Framework may also be a good topic to bring up in any aforementioned "Refactoring/Rethinking DSpace" Special Topic meeting we have.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;scottatm&gt; It works well with spring too. The directoryApp only uses spring a little bit, but the PiperApp is very much Spring-ified.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:40]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger has to run, later folks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-108022.vpn.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-58-145.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ablemann (~alexleman@lemanal.new.xen.prgmr.com) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kompewter (~kompewter@sul272sandbox.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@128.146.173.59) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@voyager108.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Disconnected.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:56]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:56]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:56]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:56]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>