<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2012-05-02
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[2:05]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-kloeri- [Global Notice] Hi all. We're experiencing some technical problems and as a side-effect of that services email is currently down. This means that registering nicks and sending password reset emails won't currently work. The mails will be queued up but it's unknown when they'll be delivered. Thank you for using freenode.  </span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@cm18.epsilon183.maxonline.com.sg) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@cm18.epsilon183.maxonline.com.sg) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; interesting post on GitHub Blog that describes a few different ways in which they use Pull Requests (including using them as a way to just get feedback on work in progress or an idea): <a href="https://github.com/blog/1124-how-we-use-pull-requests-to-build-github">https://github.com/blog/1124-how-we-use-pull-requests-to-build-github</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ How we use Pull Requests to build GitHub Â· GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/blog/1124-how-we-use-pull-requests-to-build-github">https://github.com/blog/1124-how-we-use-pull-requests-to-build-github</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sands (~sandsfish@18.189.87.190) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ryscher (98033b4c@gateway/web/freenode/ip.152.3.59.76) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, reminder that at the top of the hour we have our weekly DSpace Developers meeting here : <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-05-02">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-05-02</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2012-05-02 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-05-02">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-05-02</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C154B1.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Mtg.  Today's agenda is up at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-05-02">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-05-02</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2012-05-02 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-05-02">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-05-02</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-173-76-20-234.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll get started as normal with some JIRA reviews</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-1006+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-1006+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1006">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1006</a> ] - [#DS-1006] authorizations via SpecialGroups methods are not properly created if an existing ePerson is found - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-1006+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-1006+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; beginning with DS-1006</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1006">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1006</a> ] - [#DS-1006] authorizations via SpecialGroups methods are not properly created if an existing ePerson is found - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, this is one of those several related issues in AuthN/AuthZ that hpottinger has noted.  I'm now forgetting what the latest status of these is...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; right, this was the other ticket I created as a result of DS-994</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-994">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-994</a> ] - [#DS-994] Add allow/deny rules for self-registration in the simple password authentication module - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDie_&gt; I'm not an auth expert, but is one of the problems here with dspace groups?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDie_&gt; i.e. i create a PasswordAuth user, get essentially no group powers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDie_&gt; but one who creates a ShibUser gets my-campus-shib-group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDie_&gt; when the user tries to log in as a shib-user they don't have that group?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; other related issues are potentially in the review today: DS-1007 and DS-1088</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1007">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1007</a> ] - [#DS-1007] AuthenticationManager.canSelfRegister is problematic with stacked authentication modules - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1088">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1088</a> ] - [#DS-1088] AuthenticationManager.allowSetPassword is problematic with stacked authentication modules - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; is this ticket referring to groups that are dynamically added upon authentication, or groups that are tacked on to the EPerson upon self-registration?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; dynamically added upon authentication, sands</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-216-7.sd.sd.cox.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Do any group memberships ever get created automatically after self-registration?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I hadn't thought so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; not to my knowledge.  The 'getSpecialGroups' is used for the dynamically added groups.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (though admittedly, I'm the most hazy on the ShibAuth -- haven't ever used that one)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; my understanding was that all getSpecialGroups methods (from each method in the stack) were run, additively, so i'm not completely clear on how some are being prevented.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; PeterDie_ you're describing the reason I attempted ds-994 and submitted ds-1006, ds-1007, and later ds-1008, when you say "i.e. i create a PasswordAuth user, get essentially no group powers"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ds-994">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ds-994</a> ] - [#DS-994] Add allow/deny rules for self-registration in the simple password authentication module - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ds-1006">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ds-1006</a> ] - [#DS-1006] authorizations via SpecialGroups methods are not properly created if an existing ePerson is found - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ds-1007">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ds-1007</a> ] - [#DS-1007] AuthenticationManager.canSelfRegister is problematic with stacked authentication modules - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ds-1008">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/ds-1008</a> ] - [#DS-1008] Solr Statistics markRobotsByIP can mark too many IP addresses, including IP&amp;#39;s not on the IP list - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Sounds like it would be good if someone expanded on the JUnit tests in this area to make sure we know what behavior is expected out of the api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, what is the next step here?  Do we need to take a step back and re-look at Stackable Auth?  Perhaps start up a wiki page to detail how we *expect* things to work and how they actually work?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, I agree.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We talked about this before, and I think there was some thought that stackable authn needs review.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; s/1008/1088/g</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; hpottinger meant to say: PeterDie_ you're describing the reason I attempted ds-994 and submitted ds-1006, ds-1007, and later ds-1088, when you say "i.e. i create a PasswordAuth user, get essentially no group powers"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; IIRC there is confusion between authn and authz, and the tangle seems to be contributing to this problem.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwod, that's my recollection as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; mhwood correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; one should be able to log in via password (or Shib, or CAS) and still have IPAuthen give additional rights if you are on campus.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger curses his lazy fingers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OTOH if you log in via Shib it shouldn't try to do stuff through CAS.  I guess.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe there is additional confusion in the notion of "implicit" methods.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, I'm still curious on next steps.  I agree there's a lot of confusion here, and I also wonder if we are even all on the same page (admittedly, I understand Ds-1007, but not Ds-1006).  Would it be beneficial to start writing this up on the wiki (or somewhere else)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; well,  I'm not going to say that Shib users shouldn't get special groups from the CAS authenticator</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; just to flesh out all the scenarios a bit better, and make sure we all understand the problems</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but I am going to say that IP, x509, are originally designed to be implicit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; See, right there we have both authn and authz going on.  We need to work out how each works separately.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Not sure if we're ready for architecture discussion, but, I've been tinkering with Fedora Commons and Islandora lately, and they are using JAAS for AuthN and AuthZ...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and that thats a bit of a weird concept, Authentication of a user is based on specific criteria (username/password, IP, x509 cert) what should happen if multiple criteria are matched?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Authentication must be done by one method.  Authorization can be additive.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Authentication only returns yes/no.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and should that be explicitly defined or bound up in the ordering of authentication methods in the stack?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; Yes, this area seems to be a squeaky wheel for some potential redesign.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Addition is commutative.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; i think mdiggory was talking about authn</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, the other option could be to discuss this in a separate "special topics" meeting (via Skype), perhaps after we start to nail down 3.0 a bit better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; tdonohue: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Authn method is chosen by the user.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, needs more time than is available in JIRA review.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, with that, I'm going to move us along. :)  We'll table AuthN/AuthZ discussion for now, but I'll add a note that we likely need a "special topic" meeting after 3.0 is nailed down</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll just stop the JIRA review there.  Essentially we touched on (briefly) Ds-1006 and Ds-1007</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; both of which we will obviously be revisiting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up. I just had an observation to mention in regards to Listserv Activity.  I cannot help but notice that on dspace-devel &amp; dspace-tech, most of the questions are being answered by helix84 (and thanks to helix84!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm just wondering "out loud" if there's anything else we all can be doing to "chip in"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't have a specific answer here -- just an observation. But, I do welcome comments/suggestions, if anyone has them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; helix84 is pretty quick on the draw (which is appreciated, very very much)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Most of the recent questions have been in areas where I felt that someone more knowledgable than I would soon chime in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, that could be a part of it.  helix84 is very quick to respond :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I just didn't want it to start to "appear" as though the only support person is helix84 ;)  Obviously that's not the case, though helix84 has been doing an amazing job at it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think the challenge is that with the level of activity, its not possible to monitor and review everything in the dspace lists.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; perhaps, if there was someone who might ping others in the group when a topic might be right for them to respond to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; maybe we can make it a game, see if we can beat helix84 :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha ;) nice.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I think we should mostly remain laissez faire, but remember to thank active posters...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I don't know how we could ever get more "organized" (the idea of pinging people is nice, but no one has time for that either).  It's just more that I wanted to bring this to the forefront of everyone's mind</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and I definitely encourage folks to try and beat helix84!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I will just say, I can't currently read the list on a daily basis, but I welcome nudges and pokes if someone thinks a topic is something I might have a good answer for.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; though if helix84 is reading this, he definitely is the lead candidate for the 2012 award for the "most awesome support person"  (not sure what the prize is yet)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; drinks in Edinburgh, for sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, just hoping to see some more competition for that award :)  We'll move along now though...more topics to touch upon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I have a couple</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We now have two funded community development activities ongoing that are targeting new features for DSpace 3.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The first was presented and a dialog opened in the last DCAT group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Advanced+Embargo+Support">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Advanced+Embargo+Support</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Advanced Embargo Support - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Advanced+Embargo+Support">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Advanced+Embargo+Support</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDie_&gt; is this some type of not-GSOC, but otherwise Rent-A-Coder work?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This project is a partnership with UMICH and @Mire</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- sounds like this may be in line with the next topic on the agenda, which was to talk 3.0 anyways (and look to schedule a "3.0 Planning" Special Topics Meeting)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; to bring features of IDEALS and Deep Blue Bitstream Level embargo Support into DSpace 3.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I can shift it to after your intro if you like</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; take the lead</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. my 3.0 intro is brief.  Essentially, I just want to get a 3.0 Planning meeting scheduled sometime in the next few weeks.  Either May 9 (next Weds) or May 16, and it'd be the same time as this meeting, but would be via Skype.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if anyone has strong opinions on the date, speak now.  Otherwise, I'll just schedule it and send you all an email on it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; either seems ok for me at the moment.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; same time as this meeting: check; Skype: check, but my Skype mojo has been lacking lately</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. hearing no strong opinions, I'll just get it on our schedule &amp; email dspace-commit &amp; dspace-devel with final details.  It'll essentially be a similar Skype setup to what we used for the "Summit" (though obviously this will just be a single hour meeting)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; 9th would be better for me, in case there's a leaning one way or the other.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. 9th has a slight lead then.  In any case, ping me if you have a strong opinion.  We can move on to other 3.0 updates now -- take the floor, mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I side with sands 9th would be better for me but I can also participate on the 16th</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; likewise, 9th is better for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; can do either</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds like it will be the 9th @ 20:00UTC. I'll send out an email with the final details on how you connect via Skype, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; thanks for setting that up tdonohue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- did you have more you specifically wanted to touch on for 3.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; or were you just wanting to "make us aware" of that Advanced Embargo page &amp; the discussion?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; For 3.0 We have a number of projects that we will be detailing in the near future</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; these are more internal projects for @mire contribution.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'll report on those later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; What I want to report on now is under a category of activity that we are calling "@mire client contributions"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; would it be possible to send out some basic details to all of us before the 3.0 Skype meeting next week (9th)?  I'd just like to encourage *all of us* to try and get our ideas out there before the Skype meeting (that way we can try to make that Skype meeting as productive as possible)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; There are two specific projects, Bitstream Level Embargo and Item Level Versioning</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Both these project differ from average @mire client projects in that we are exposing the requirements gathering to the community</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; cool -- sounds like a good idea :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This style of activity originated in our work with ryscher and the Dryad project.  Where requirements that everything be open source were specified.  They differ in that now, in these two cases, the overall process is exposed to the community</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDie_&gt; which should perhaps with greater overall adoption by the community... we all had an opportunity to weigh in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; For the UMICH Embargo activites we presented the above wiki page deatailing the business and technical requirements for Bitstream level embargo for DCAT review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDie_&gt; kompewter: translate my previous statement into english</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Advanced+Embargo+Support">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Advanced+Embargo+Support</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Advanced Embargo Support - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Advanced+Embargo+Support">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Advanced+Embargo+Support</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, PeterDie_ the intent is that there is an opportunity to make sure that the general business goals and the technical proposal of a solution are acceptable by the committers before we expend the resource in creating the solution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; As such we invite you to please review the proposal and comment on the requirements</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ryscher (98033b4c@gateway/web/freenode/ip.152.3.59.76) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I like the model for those projects. It's also a great way to loop in both DCAT &amp; committers earlier on (when code/design can still be changed easily, etc).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds great. I agree it'd be good to have everyone do a quick review &amp; comment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ryscher (98033b4c@gateway/web/freenode/ip.152.3.59.76) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The second project is between Woods Hole / Marine Biology Laboratory,  Dryad and @mire</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Item+Versioning+Support">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Item+Versioning+Support</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Item Versioning Support - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Item+Versioning+Support">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Item+Versioning+Support</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The objective of this project is to take the work done on Item Level Versioning that was put into place for Dryad contribute it to DSpace and implement further support for it in DSpace Applications</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; those applications being SWORD, LNI, ItemImport/Export, AIP Backup/Restore and so on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; It also introduces support for alternate identification systems like DOI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yay!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The above wiki page is under heavy editing as I consolidate and clarify the work done in Dryad Item Level Versioning and bring forward the final implementation strategy that was taken with that codebase</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, very cool stuff.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; In both cases, there are technical work that alters the DSpace API / Data Model and introduces new database tables, as such getting feedback early is critical as these choice impact the rest of the development activity to bring them into dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I wonder if we can introduce some sort of process for these initiatives to capture business requirements from a broader community base</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; (I don't have any suggestions -- I just noticed that the embargo wiki page is already quite unwieldy, and in some parts very technical, which might put off some people who'd otherwise give useful input)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I agree that both wiki pages are getting a bit unwieldy -- might even be helpful to split out into multiple wiki pages: business requirements, "user stories", tech details, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; tdonohue +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; aschweer: the DCAT presentation and your feedback on that page were most beneficial to our refinement process.  They brought up important questions concerning how embargo should be supported</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; thanks mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the challenge was that in splitting, its also "obscuring"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I think DCAT is a great way to get that broader community input (just adding a +1 to what mdiggory mentioned)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; yeah but once you start talking about database tables, you lose the less technically inclined. which is bad especially when there is more non-technical stuff further down the page.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- not really, as long as you interlink the pages as needed.  It's just as obscuring to have to scroll up/down a large page to look at business requirements and then jump down to tech specs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ryscher&gt; +1 to move all non-technical stuff to the top</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thats why its important to be reorganizing the pages and make sure we have business reqs and overview above technical solutions / proposals</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I realise that surveys often don't get much participation, but maybe together with DCAT we could come up with a way to invite more people to give their input? Both embargoes and versioning are probably quite important to a lot of sites that don't have any real "techies" in charge of their DSpace repositories.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Firstly, I'll comment that DCAT in itself is a non-technical group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and the dialog that did occur there was about the features that were wanted and not the implementation itself.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Thus at this point, the dialog with the developer community is about the opposite, getting feedback on the more technical details</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aschweer -- I think that's a good question.  DCAT has actually been trying to survey on topics already (they recently did an email to various lists), with varying success.  They actually may be more appropriate to run such a survey -- though we could suggest it to them, etc. if we felt it important enough</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think it's rare that we lack enough implementation ideas. :-/  It's harder to get arms around what should be implemented.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; mdiggory: yup, and that's great. I'm wondering if there's a way to involve even more of the community than "just" those represented in DCAT. I don't' know much about how DCAT gets information about what other non-techies want.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sorry, must dash.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; By inviting dialog with the non-technical community.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DCAT actually does run their own surveys at times.  They were the ones who ran that metadata support survey a while back. So, we can definitely ask if they feel it appropriate to run other surveys, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Meeting notes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, I should mention that the DCAT list is an open list.  It's a google group, and others can join if you are interested (I'd encourage it.  Robint &amp; I are on that list)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/cmtygp/DCAT+Meeting+Notes+4.10.12">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/cmtygp/DCAT+Meeting+Notes+4.10.12</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DCAT Meeting Notes 4.10.12 - Community Groups - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/cmtygp/DCAT+Meeting+Notes+4.10.12">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/cmtygp/DCAT+Meeting+Notes+4.10.12</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DCAT list: <a href="http://groups.google.com/group/DSpaceCommunityAdvisoryTeam">http://groups.google.com/group/DSpaceCommunityAdvisoryTeam</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; And there was additional dialog at SPARC <a href="https://atmire.com/website/?q=content/sparc-2012-dspace-user-group">https://atmire.com/website/?q=content/sparc-2012-dspace-user-group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ SPARC 2012: DSpace User Group | atmire ] - <a href="https://atmire.com/website/?q=content/sparc-2012-dspace-user-group">https://atmire.com/website/?q=content/sparc-2012-dspace-user-group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://duraspace.org/sparc-open-access-meeting-and-dspace-user-group-meeting-summaries">http://duraspace.org/sparc-open-access-meeting-and-dspace-user-group-meeting-summaries</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ SPARC Open Access Meeting and DSpace User Group Meeting Summaries | DuraSpace ] - <a href="http://duraspace.org/sparc-open-access-meeting-and-dspace-user-group-meeting-summaries">http://duraspace.org/sparc-open-access-meeting-and-dspace-user-group-meeting-summaries</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I was unaware that there was google group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; All I had known of was this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/dsforum/DCAT+Discussion+Forum">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/dsforum/DCAT+Discussion+Forum</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DCAT Discussion Forum - DCAT Discussion Forum - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/dsforum/DCAT+Discussion+Forum">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/dsforum/DCAT+Discussion+Forum</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Its not actually listed on the DCAT page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hmm... yea, I guess it is not.  I thought it was -- must've have been overlooked</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll mention it to Val</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; in any case, before we got down this path, we were talking about the Item Versioning stuff.  Anything else with that?  Or is it also something you are just wanting us to read through, comment on, etc.?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; IF thats the case, it should also be considered that it be made public</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes we are in "overtime".  If you need to head out, feel free. </span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; (oh yeah, I need to go to work. bye all)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sands&gt; cheers all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sands (~sandsfish@18.189.87.190) Quit (Quit: sands)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- the goal of the DCAT list is much like the goal of the new 'dspace-release' list.  Both are "public" but are a bit "unadvertised" as, in order to allow the group to function, you don't want it to get overwhelmed with side-questions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; the DCAT list is meant to be a "working list", much like that new "dspace-release" list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Needs to run until next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C154B1.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit:  HydraIRC -&gt; <a href="http://www.hydrairc.com">http://www.hydrairc.com</a> &lt;- The alternative IRC client)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I hope to have the Versioning document refined in the next week.  I welcome feedback on implications of the approach of utilizing our DSpace VersioningService and DSpace IdentifierService as implementations separate fromt he dspace api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; need to run also</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-173-76-20-234.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; likewise, determiniation if integration with DSpace API is a critical expectation from the develoepr community</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ryscher&gt; I'm not in favor of hidden lists. If people are having conversations on the wrong list, redirect them. But make the list known so the appropriate people can subscribe.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; likewise I agree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, well, we can talk to DCAT.  They are the ones who created the list to allow them to communicate.  Maybe they will then say it should be "private" :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (i.e. most of the discussions on that list are really about them doing internal organization/administration &amp; setting up their next meetings, etc.  Broader discussions get brought elsewhere)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if thats the case, ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree with the sentiment though of not hiding lists.  I'm just being realistic that there's really nothing being "hidden".  It's a group of people who are discussing how their group functions :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but I will comment on a slight tangent, that having too many "forums" fragments the community</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; as such, I do even have concerns about the release list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DCAT list is very much like the 'dspace-release' list.  Again, it's a new list for the 3.0 Release Team to discuss how they want to manage/split-up the 3.0 release work.  It's a "public" list though, as they don't mind if others listen in, as they do that work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'll add that we *do* threaten to put bystanders to work ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but release is a development activity, seems thats what the devel list is for</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not clear why its needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we tried this before and the effect was negative</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, do we really want to crowd the devel list with details like: "who wants to pester mdiggory about getting his promised code into master -- it's late!" :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; isolating dialog on separate lists is fragmenting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (kidding)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes we do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I understand. I think we are all open to feedback on that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; (not kidding)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, you really do want to be called out on dspace-devel?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thats called open source development</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; see -- I agree to a point (though I do find this interesting discussion, so I would love to hear others opinions)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; devel should be for development related communication, tech should be for users and questions concerning how to use dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I see a difference between dspace-devel &amp; dspace-release though (maybe I'm splitting hairs though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; devel should not be about users and questions about how to use dspace, maybe thats drifted and why there seems to be a percieved need?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; the R/T discussed this a bit, off-list, and decided another list was desirable, to not adversely affect the signal/noise ratio of the other lists</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; dspace-devel is more of development discussions / feedback (in a large developer community)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; dspace-release is more of a small team "working list" -- geared directly towards them working together to ensure the next release gets out on time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, again, I'm not against changing that up.  But, we'd neeed to talk to the 3.0 Release Team.  They are the ones who decided on the 'dspace-release' list option, and they asked me to create the list for them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hmm, see, I think the release process and decisions around it are important development topics that should be addressed with the developer community</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory : I think they would be -- to a point.  It's not that release topics wouldn't still be on dspace-devel.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It's just that the 3.0 Release Team needs a place for them to discuss how things are going, etc. (without them just writing private emails to one another)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (or at least that's how I understand it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I understand the initial concern that may have made this emerge, but having been there previously with dspace-architecture, I'm just raising a flag concerning the idea.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt;  I probably should just let the 3.0 Release Team answer this question though, as I'm not on that team (I'm just helping them with small tasks here and there).  So, we might want to start this discussion with them more directly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; sorry, had two phone calls</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, we're way over time here (again) :)  I'm happy to hang around here for a bit to chat more.  But, we'll consider the formal meeting "closed" and just consider this "after-meeting discussions"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue hits the nail on the head here: "It's just that the 3.0 Release Team needs a place for them to discuss how things are going, etc. (without them just writing private emails to one another)"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm still not feeling it...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think any one of us would get pretty nervous if an architecture-related discussion ever came up on the list, as it's not for that kind of discussion, and we'd move it to a different list, but that's the beauty of running a public list, anyone in the community could call us on it if it ever happened.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but htat means we need to subscribe to another list and track that activity to do that calling out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I see pros/cons.  I understand the point of trying to be as open as possible (and this may not be as open as if it happened on dspace-devel).  But, at least it's more "open" than if it all happened via private emails to one another.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- or you just trust the folks on dspace-release to do that "calling out" for you ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sigh.... I'll probably just subscribe to it now that I know it exists. ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger  just dumps all mail into the same inbox, reads it all as best he can, thanks to Outlook on MacOS wonderful lack of support for PST files</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ... done</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; definitely still feel free to start a larger discussion on this.  I think we are all open to feedback on this.  This is the first time we've ever had a "Release Team", so this is just part of "testing the waters".  It can change if people think it needs to change.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I attempt to filter out all mail from hpottinger, but some still creeps in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it's just hard to make a decision here, since hpottinger is currently the only 3.0 Release Team member still in our chat :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hpottinger: I blame you for all this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and I gotta run, too, though thanks for the heads up, mdiggory, filter evasion efforts will be redoubled</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; enjoy... I've got a long overdue meeting with ryscher to get started</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm willing to take the blame, I'm pretty sure I mentioned the list first, I *hate* private mail list, reply-all stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ryscher (98033b4c@gateway/web/freenode/ip.152.3.59.76) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>