<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2012-07-25
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[12:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sp_ (80c25750@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.194.87.80) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sp_test (80c25750@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.194.87.80) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sp_test&gt; testing IRC chat</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sp_&gt; testing IRC chat</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sp_ (80c25750@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.194.87.80) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sp_test (80c25750@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.194.87.80) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs1 (~Graham@host213-123-239-134.in-addr.btopenworld.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~Graham@host213-123-239-134.in-addr.btopenworld.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs1 (~Graham@host213-123-239-134.in-addr.btopenworld.com) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi All, my weekly Office Hours starts now (for next 3 hours). If you want to talk DSpace, just let me know! <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~tdonohue/DSpace+Office+Hours">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~tdonohue/DSpace+Office+Hours</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Maura (80c1a3fa@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.193.163.250) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Maura (80c1a3fa@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.193.163.250) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (a@195.113.97.174) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Reminder: DSpace Developer Mtg at the top of the hour (~7mins): <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's that time again.  Time for DSpace Devel Mtg.  Looks like our numbers are a bit small, but hopefully others will show up shortly... <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll start things off with JIRA review as always..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-173-48-255-197.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-1078+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-1078+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I've got 1078 covered, together with DS-1180. This will also merge LDAPAuthentication and LDAPHierarchicalAuthentication, one plugin can do both things. I just need to do some more testing, but I expect to have it ready soon to make it into 3.0.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Starting off today with DS-1078</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, so we can skip DS-1078, helix84?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yep</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notices a lack of kompewter...I'll paste in links</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, we'll move on to <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1079">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1079</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue just woke up kompewter on demo.dspace.org</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; anyone tried/tested our authority control code recently?  Looks like DS-1079 is talking about that in XMLUI.  Any takers/volunteers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1079">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1079</a> ] - [#DS-1079] Authority Control getMatches - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i tested some authority code from Keiji Suzuki recently, but this has more to do with submission process and I don't know anything about it because I don't use it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@128.146.173.112) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, an utter lack of takers on DS-1079.  I'll guess that this one just needs a volunteer to investigate &amp; implement.  Summary: Add comment saying this needs volunteer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1079">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1079</a> ] - [#DS-1079] Authority Control getMatches - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll move along for now...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Hello Everyone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DS-1080</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1080">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1080</a> ] - [#DS-1080] Search results preview - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, this one is assigned to mdiggory, I see :) (good timing mdiggory! hi!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; premonition</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; need any help on this one, mdiggory, or should we just skip it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think the most important thing is that what we are doing is in Discovery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So its not the general search case</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; just one thubms-up comment for directly accessing solr data -</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; you don't have to do ajax calls for that. the alternative is XSLT document() call</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we actually increased the Discovery "Data Model" to support rendering Solr result details directly in the DRI, no specific referencesets.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; no specific use of javascript</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; can you point me to some basic reference about that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is this work something you plan to submit for approval for 3.0?  Can we see the code somewhere?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; that should be very useful</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we presented on it at the conference and are in the process of finalizing what will emerge as a contribution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; any link please?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We've got a pretty full pipeline of contributions that is about to get opened up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. I suggest then that we table Ds-1080 until we get more info.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I do think that there is sensitive information sitting directly in SOLR, so if your ajax request could view it... so could the world, unless you also are glueing in some additional security</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; helix84: patience....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, Ds-1080 Summary:  @mire is working on something for Discovery...for possible inclusion for 3.0.  Tabling this ticket until we get more info</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; last one for today, DS-1081</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm trying to find the conference presentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1081">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1081</a> ] - [#DS-1081] Ensure that DSpace 1.8.1 can run on java 7 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: yea, that is fine.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; RE: Ds-1081 -- I'll note that demo.dspace.org is now running DSpace 1.8.2 + Java 7.  Seems to be working fine (though I had to tweak POM settings to get it to compile)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Pretty sure the solr/lucene issues have been long addressed…</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: Oracle/Sun or OpenJDK ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; demo.dspace.org is running Oracle Java 7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we also recently upgraded solr again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; For 7, isn't the OpenJDK the "reference implementation"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll add a comment to Ds-1081 with what is running on demo.dspace.org (meant to do that, just hadn't gotten to it).  I suspect that this is *fixed* like others have said.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-solr/tree/dspace-solr-parent-3.5.0.1">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-solr/tree/dspace-solr-parent-3.5.0.1</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-solr at dspace-solr-parent-3.5.0.1 · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-solr/tree/dspace-solr-parent-3.5.0.1">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-solr/tree/dspace-solr-parent-3.5.0.1</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; PeterDietz: it is, but they still build binary Oracle release from the OpenJDK codebase</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; PeterDietz: the difference is that the 7 is not redistributable as &lt;7 was, so you won't find it in distributions =&gt; only OpenJDK</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well, if we can get DSpace to also work fine with OpenJDK as well, I'd be all for it.  I suspect we should have a *separate* ticket on OpenJDK though, as currently DSpace only claims to ever support Oracle/Sun.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Running on OpenJDK 6 here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i always ran dspace on OpenJDK, currently OpenJDK 6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmmm...so, why do our Install instructions not say that? :)  Didn't realize folks were running it on OpenJDK with success</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 wonders if that has something to do with the binary cult of Sun</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We can switch demo.dspace.org to OpenJDK 7 if we wanted to.  I only went through the hassle of installing Oracle Java 7 cause I thought there were still problems to work out on OpenJDK</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so we are still on solr 3.3.0, there will be an update coming to bring it up to 3.5.0, may be part of discovery work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I've noticed that Java6SE, has an end-of-life of November 2012. (i.e. no public support). Which means that moving to JDK7 is probably going to be on everyone's radar this fall?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'd think so - no more security patches etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; there are some warnings about deprecated Solr functions in logs, am I correct they're a harmless consequence of running an older Solr?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 PeterDietz.  Yea, another reason it'd be nice to announce that DSpace 3.0 supports *both* Oracle Java 7 and OpenJDK 7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, in any case, I'm assuming Ds-1081 may be fixed.  We should just make an effort to test both Oracle Java 7 &amp; OpenJDK 7 during 3.0 Testathon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; If we were ambitious, we could 'certify' earlier releases on Java7 (e.g. 1.8)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; sounds like some of us have done so already :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; we should think of what we "support" as what most people are running, therefore users can get help with that from most users. I'm fine with supporting users running OpenJDK.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; note, upgrading solr to 3.5 is going to require dumping and restoring solr indexes.  Especially in the statistics case.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I will note that in order to get 1.8.2 to compile using Oracle Java 7, I did have to update POM settings -- so, to fully "certify" 1.8 on Java 7, we'd need to cut a 1.8.3, I believe</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: there was an issue for that upgrade, can you just comment that we must mention that in release notes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; note... <a href="http://opensearchnews.com/2012/04/announcing-java7-support-with-apache-solr-and-lucene/">http://opensearchnews.com/2012/04/announcing-java7-support-with-apache-solr-and-lucene/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Announcing Java7 Support with Apache Solr and Lucene | Open Search News ] - <a href="http://opensearchnews.com/2012/04/announcing-java7-support-with-apache-solr-and-lucene/">http://opensearchnews.com/2012/04/announcing-java7-support-with-apache-solr-and-lucene/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; as of solr 3.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- demo.dspace.org seems to be having no issues running Solr/Lucene on Java 7.  Or at least, I haven't noticed any yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- but, this may mean we'd want to ensure we get Lucene &amp; Solr upgrade into 3.0 just to be safe</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm wondering how long reprocessing your archived dspace.log files (into solr / elasticsearch) for a few years would take?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we may not be triggering the problem in lucene that existed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think we're starting to wrap up Ds-1081 discussion...several things noted -- Summary: DSpace seems to work fine on Oracle Java 7 &amp; OpenJDK 7 (but Testathon will help) &amp; we should likely upgrade Lucene &amp; Solr to 3.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think we can wrap up the JIRA discussion for today, and move on to 3.0 stuff (though admittedly much of this was already 3.0 related)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Essentially, I just wanted to ask whether there are features we want to start a more detailed review on for 3.0.  We have many "tentative" features listed here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+3.0+Notes#DSpaceRelease3.0Notes-NewfeaturesinDSpace3.0%28verytentative%29">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+3.0+Notes#DSpaceRelease3.0Notes-NewfeaturesinDSpace3.0%28verytentative%29</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 3.0 Notes - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+3.0+Notes#DSpaceRelease3.0Notes-NewfeaturesinDSpace3.0%28verytentative%29">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+3.0+Notes#DSpaceRelease3.0Notes-NewfeaturesinDSpace3.0%28verytentative%29</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We're now down to just 3 more weeks until Feature Freeze.  So, we need to start getting things approved soon!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'm glad XOAI is getting more eyballs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 3.0 Release Team members -- is there anything you are wanting to discuss / touch on today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'll pipe up, I mentioned this on the release list last week, but there are a few issues with patches, but no pull requests, we'll need to round those up and decide if we want to turn them into pull requests ourselves, or send them back to the issue reporter for conversion into pull requests.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory, any new info in Metadata for all?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Brief mention:  I hope to have something for DS-1206 (Total-Impact integration) soon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1206">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1206</a> ] - [#DS-1206] Alternative Metrics - Integration of Total-Impact on item pages - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger -- good point.  Do we have a list of these tickets with patches somewhere? (Or somewhere we could start compiling them?)  I'd be glad to help chip in on converting to pull requests little by little if needed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- cool! Should we assign that ticket to you then?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: not yet, something I want to do, I figure just a post to dspace-release would work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: maybe we could use Jira labels or epic for "has patch"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sure.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; the question is should we distinguish "has patch" and "has pull request"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger -- yea, if we can get a list together to work from, then that'd be great</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; helix84: no new news on Metadata For All</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; RE: JIRA -- you can actually do a search for everything having *attachments* (not necessarily the same as having a patch, but close): <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Attachments+%3E%3D+1">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Attachments+%3E%3D+1</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Attachments+%3E%3D+1">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Attachments+%3E%3D+1</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; If anyone is interested in Jira spelunking for issues with patches, could be a fun time, ooh, thanks tdonohue, that'll help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I can do that. Any answer to my question about labels/epic?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; ok, helix84, would a wiki page for tracking these help?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; no need, you can just filter issues with that label</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; less work, real-time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We can use some custom JIRA labels if we wanted to denote patches/pullrequests : 'has-patch' , 'has-pull-request' or similar.  I'd be open to that. We just need to decide upon the label(s) to use</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; both labels would be helpful, especially if we could combine labels for a filter (has-patch but not has-pull-request)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ok, calling a quick vote: Do we want both 'has-patch' and 'has-pull-request'? +1 yes, -1 no, 0 don't care</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Seems the vote passed. I'll do the work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, sounds good.  That's all the votes we need for a "policy" related change.  So, we should just start labeling tickets as "has-patch" and/or "has-pull-request"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, other 3.0 Topics?  Is it worth trying to figure out a "schedule" for some of these possible features?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; you mean give a sooner deadline to individual projects that is sooner than the freeze deadline?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; More like getting a commitment to putting something out sooner, so they don't all land on the 17th.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sounds like responsibilito of the release team if they want to do that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 mhwood.  I was talking about trying to determine "when" some of these will be ready to discuss/approve...so that it all doesn't happen at the last moment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Related to that, has anyone been in touch with SeDiCi about their proposed additions to 3.0? <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+3.0+Notes#DSpaceRelease3.0Notes-NewfeaturesinDSpace3.0%28verytentative%29">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+3.0+Notes#DSpaceRelease3.0Notes-NewfeaturesinDSpace3.0%28verytentative%29</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 3.0 Notes - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+3.0+Notes#DSpaceRelease3.0Notes-NewfeaturesinDSpace3.0%28verytentative%29">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+3.0+Notes#DSpaceRelease3.0Notes-NewfeaturesinDSpace3.0%28verytentative%29</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I know we're in touch with Lyncode, @Mire (obviously) and I've seen discussions with CILEA.  But, haven't heard anything about the SeDiCi work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I don't actually know who they are</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't know SeDiCi either, but it looks like one of them did open up the referenced ticket: DS-1127  -- so that could be a point of contact.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1127">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1127</a> ] - [#DS-1127] Submission improvements: document type-based submission - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; no idea here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not even sure if anyone has looked at the DS-1127 work, and whether it'd be under consideration... But, it'd be good to have an answer for SeDiCi since they obviously are proposing it be added to 3.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1127">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1127</a> ] - [#DS-1127] Submission improvements: document type-based submission - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; but Nestor Oviedo has been active in Jira and -devel recently</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; <a href="http://sedici.unlp.edu.ar/">http://sedici.unlp.edu.ar/</a>  ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ SeDiCI - Repositorio de la Universidad Nacional de La Plata ] - <a href="http://sedici.unlp.edu.ar/">http://sedici.unlp.edu.ar/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Looks like Nestor is the one who added the "SeDiCi" list to the 3.0 Release notes too: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/diffpages.action?originalId=32474694&amp;pageId=32476772">https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/diffpages.action?originalId=32474694&amp;pageId=32476772</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Page Comparison - DSpace Release 3.0 Notes (v.23 vs v.24) - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/diffpages.action?originalId=32474694&amp;pageId=32476772">https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/diffpages.action?originalId=32474694&amp;pageId=32476772</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'll try and track him/them down and make contact</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks robint.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: Nestor's info (at least in the wiki): <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~nesovi">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~nesovi</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Nestor Oviedo - User Profile - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~nesovi">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~nesovi</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; any change we'll make it to the second agenda point today? ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; s/change/chance/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; helix84 meant to say: any chance we'll make it to the second agenda point today? ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  So, it sounds like we're mostly just "waiting" for things to be ready for review from 3.0.  I'd just encourage us to *ahem* pester @mire and CILEA to get us their proposed changes :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; go head helix84.  we can move on to some of your 3.0 questions (though we are running short of time obviously): <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2012-07-25 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2012-07-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Where should translations of individual modules like Discovery go? Including them in the main messages.xml currently works. This should be answered before freeze time, it already poses another barrier for commiting of translations, see DS-1049, DS-1054. This is a subproblem of i18n Improvements Proposal, but let us not divert this discussion too much to broad topics.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1049">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1049</a> ] - [#DS-1049] Czech localization of 1.8.0 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1054">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1054</a> ] - [#DS-1054] message catalog for ru_RU locale - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/i18n+Improvements+Proposal#i18nImprovementsProposal-DifficulttoLocateAllthei18nFiles">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/i18n+Improvements+Proposal#i18nImprovementsProposal-DifficulttoLocateAllthei18nFiles</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ i18n Improvements Proposal - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/i18n+Improvements+Proposal#i18nImprovementsProposal-DifficulttoLocateAllthei18nFiles">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/i18n+Improvements+Proposal#i18nImprovementsProposal-DifficulttoLocateAllthei18nFiles</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I need to propose our Elastic Search statistics overhaul</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This is an ongoing question on lists...translations are getting harder &amp; harder for folks to manage.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; let's just address this specific issue, please :/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: sure. didn't mean to broaden the topic.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any thoughts on this?  Where should translations of individual modules (e.g. Discovery) go?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'd say that (a) they should go in their modules, but (b) that's not a drop-everything issue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yay, PeterDietz, I was wondering if that was going to make it into 3.0 (apologies to helix84 for off-topic exuberance)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; all in central file is not ideal (from modularity point of view) but the question is whether we have a feasible alternative in 3.0 timeframe</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i'm for having them in a single messages.xml as long as the module is part of the release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Would it be bad to just suggest folks put *all* translations in the main messages.xml for 3.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; PeterDietz: I think we need to assure alignment with any stats stuff we are pushing out as well.  I expect the next two weeks to be very hectic and full of dialog...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'vo got to run, cheers all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (52292725@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.39.37) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It sounds like several are saying the same thing:   Ideally, we'd have a good solution, but for 3.0 we should just tell folks to put all translations into the main messages.xml.   Would others agree?  +1/-1/0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; No, but I'd agree that they can stay wherever they are for now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; +0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; that's the problem - they weren't accepted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; is there an alternative? +0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; because the issue wasn't decided</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't think there is an alternative (unless we build something new for 3.0)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think it's a matter of -- do we just go with "what works now" for 3.0 (which is putting them all in the main messages.xml), or do we figure out a better solution before 3.0.  Or at least, that's my understanding here (correct me if I'm wrong, helix84)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Did anyone contribute a translation that's broken out by modules?  If not then my caveat is pointless and I'll support all-in-one for 3.0.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'm not aware of any</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I don't think modularized translations should be smooshed together, is all I'm saying.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think we *HAVE* to suggest folks put module translations into the main messages.xml in 3.0, unless someone builds some new way to handle modularized (split out) translations.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yes tdonohue that's what I meant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Why wouldn't they just be found on the classpath?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- currently, I don't think modularized translations are possible in DSpace (or at least not to my knowledge).  That's the root of the issue here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- that's a good question, that I don't know the answer to.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, if there are no modularized translations then the answer is simple:  pile them into the main catalog, because that's the way they are now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Then we have time to work out what is doable, what is readily doable, and what is our standard practice.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I think that's our "best answer" right now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok... so as to bring forward the first option for contribution review by the release team.  I've pushed dspace3-embargo into our public github repo and generated the following pull request to the community DSpace platform.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/43">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/43</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Request #43: [DS-895] Advanced Embargo Project by mdiggory · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/43">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/43</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yay!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; RE: translations...Thinking out loud here...I notice the 'dspace-xmlui-lang' project has a folder structure that mirrors  'dspace-xmlui-webapp' <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-xmlui-lang/tree/master/src/main/webapp/i18n">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-xmlui-lang/tree/master/src/main/webapp/i18n</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ dspace-xmlui-lang/src/main/webapp/i18n at master · DSpace/dspace-xmlui-lang · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-xmlui-lang/tree/master/src/main/webapp/i18n">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-xmlui-lang/tree/master/src/main/webapp/i18n</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Features landing early...goodie!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I wonder if it'd also be possible to add folders in that 'dspace-xmlui-lang' project to mirror Discovery (and other modules): <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-xmlui-api/src/main/resources/aspects/Discovery/i18n">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-xmlui-api/src/main/resources/aspects/Discovery/i18n</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-xmlui-api/src/main/resources/aspects/Discovery/i18n at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-xmlui-api/src/main/resources/aspects/Discovery/i18n">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-discovery/dspace-discovery-xmlui-api/src/main/resources/aspects/Discovery/i18n</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (And I wonder if that'd work)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sorry for the link spam...(Agreed -- yea for @mire getting features out there early)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; It may be slightly ahead of its time... we are in testing as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory : I'd rather have it early &amp; potentially still having a few rough edges, than late &amp; perfect</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I agree, its hard to let things go out until we are confident in the solutions ourselves.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Oh, yes.  But the idea is to start getting suggestions on how to make it even better.  (I keep telling myself that.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; makes sense, I understand the feeling...just glad you got it posted early :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok folks, we're obviously way over time.  No new topics for today, but you are welcome to hang around and chat (or head out as need be).  I'll still be here for another 30mins or so.   Official meeting is closed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; an example for us all, thanks, mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: per the messages translations... the benefit of the separation is that they can be released separately... But TBH, if we are doing 2-3 interim releases each year... languages could probibly be included into dspace-api and dspace-xmlui and not cause too much fuss.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Aaaand, I've got to run.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; gotta go, bye all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-173-48-255-197.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- I think we pretty much are always doing 2-3 interim releases each year....or at least that's been the trend</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: I could include that into the maven project consolidation fairly easily</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory what is "that"?  Not sure I understand what you could include?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; you mean include lang packs into dspace-xmlui/api in the maven proj consolidation?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the maven project consolidation that we suggested doing as a last activity before the freeze...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; would consolidate all dspace-xmlui-xxx projects into one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; right..I understand that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; could have the added benefit that we just move the language files back into dspace under their original projects.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; dspace-api/src/main/resources</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; dspace-xmlui/src/main/resources</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and dspace-xmlui/src/main/webapp/i18n....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, so actually get rid of the 'dspace-xmlui-lang' and 'dspace-api-lang' as separate projects, and merge them into  <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 is not following, but nevermind, just tell me the conclusion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; helix84: conclusion, all language translations part of dspace-api or dspace-xmlui, not dspace-api-lang or dspace-xmlui-lang</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that is one simplification that would reduce confusion / complexity</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 -- mdiggory is talking about getting rid of <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-api-lang">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-api-lang</a> and <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-xmlui-lang">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-xmlui-lang</a>  , and instead having all translations get committed to <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-api">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-api</a> or <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-xmlui">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-xmlui</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-api-lang · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-api-lang">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-api-lang</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-xmlui-lang · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-xmlui-lang">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-xmlui-lang</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-api at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-api">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-api</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-xmlui at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-xmlui">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-xmlui</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I see</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; more specifically</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-api-lang/tree/master/src/main/resources">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-api-lang/tree/master/src/main/resources</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ dspace-api-lang/src/main/resources at master · DSpace/dspace-api-lang · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-api-lang/tree/master/src/main/resources">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-api-lang/tree/master/src/main/resources</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; would move here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-api/src/main/resources">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-api/src/main/resources</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-api/src/main/resources at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-api/src/main/resources">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tree/master/dspace-api/src/main/resources</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; but that would prevent any scenario with separate (possibly automated) commiters of translations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; git kinda frees us from worrying about all that...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; umm, how?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; why can those translations come as various pull requests / pushes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; same as they do right now...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; why can = why can't</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; well, firstly, tools like Transifex and possibly Pootle can be configured to do commits. But I don't know about pull requests (that's GitHub specific).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: I think helix84's point is that if you have separate Git projects, you can actually give *Git Commit* permissions to different people (i.e. non-DSpace Committers), just so they can help manage translations of DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; are we really going to manage separate teams and worry about all that...  seem like that approach (and I'm guilty as anyone in pushing for it) somewhat weakened/fragmented the comunity</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; secondly, most translators may not be able to use git, so it's preferable to have that kind of interface with automated commits</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; it doesn't matter where in git is is then...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; automated on DSpace/DSpace vs DSpace/dspace-api-lang isn't very different.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; well, the tool (translation interface) can be added as a separate commiter account that would commit all translations (and only translations)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; TBH, most everything should be done with pull requests and additional review by a second set of eyes.... even something that was automated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: who is going to do a pull request review of translations?  Wouldn't we want someone bilingual to help with that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; clone DSpace to that automated account and commit there... have someone issue Pull requests or push back to dspace periodically</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; well, you can always review ex-post, that's the nice thing about anu VCS</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; easy to revert anything</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; no... the point is to make sure that something that shouldn't have changed got mixed in...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; anu VCS?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; any version control system</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll admit I'm on the fence here (not convinced either way).  I see translations as having the possibility to be managed separate from the main codebase (as you don't need committers/programmers to do/submit a translation).  At the same time I can understand how (from a programmers point of view) it could be nice to simplify the number of projects we have.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I think we'll disagree with Mark on the point of ex-ante vs. ex-post review of translations (talking only about translations here, i.e. files in a specific path)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; the point here is to lower the barriers for translators</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I just don't want us to jump to the conclusion that translations should be consolidated into the main codebase, just cause is seems easier to programmers....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 helix84 on lowering the barriers to translations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; and asking for review of translations (as in not format, the actual translations) is off-topic here and raising barriers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; nice thing about pull requests is that they're easy enough to roll into your own site install, so, we'd have most of the benefit of an automated system, just with a review step from a trusted programmer before it's officially accepted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: what do you mean with "site install"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; your working folder</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 is scratching his head</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; oh, ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; git automates the patch process, it's not as "difficult" as applying a patch from Jira, so using an unapproved translation is the same as trying out any new code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; anyway, we may have gone too far into the future, there are no automated tools in preparation right now, the question was whether having a separate repository for languages is good or bad</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; and this could be done with both</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One thing to remember is that when we release a new major version of DSpace (e.g. 3.0), it's usually *very rare* to have many translations immediately ready (usually we are lucky to have 1 or 2).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: it takes a programmer to submit a translation in the appropriate format to be committed to the VCS</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, is there still a benefit to keeping language packs as separate projects, so they can be released later on once they are ready?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: or an automated tool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; they need to right tools to do it correctly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: good point, i forgot about that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes and in that case, you can stick them in the center of the codebase, the tool enforces the control on what can be commited to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: that was my whole idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; again, it doesn't matter where the files reside</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; either we release dspace 3.1 with new translations and upload to maven central or someone has to run dspace-api-lang release and upload to maven central</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I like the separate release more. Minor releases for bugfixes, but always up-to-date translations.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; still, could dspace-api-lang and dspace-xmlui-lang be merged? or is there a reason for them to be separate?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; (not merged into dspace, merged one with the other)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; My point is that the translations are not very up to date because it take s a release coordinator to make them available to the community.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; some sit in the dspace-api-lang project until someone pulls that trigger for the community</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so status quo is only potentially better, but not in practice?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that release is generally.... when a release coordinator is pulling the trigger on dspace release processes for a major or minor release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so is there another suggestion? perhaps an ant task to pull them via HTTP from somewhere on dspace.org?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; or from GitHub?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; in practice, mdiggory is right... we tend to *only* release dspace-xmlui-lang and dspace-api-lang updates to Maven central when we go to cut a new release of DSpace.  With GitHub, obviously people can download specific files themselves much easier if they want immediate fixes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we generally override them to put local customizations in place, guarantee that mechanism still is present... I imagine theres an opportunity there... but also realize that folks want offline builds as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; \me wonders about whats in this git coolaid...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; my first thought was... "merge"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I gotta head out...interesting discussion though.  I'll follow up later.   Right now, I'm still not convinced that merging -lang into the main DSpace GitHub is the "right move".  But, I'm still open to it...just a bit skeptical.  So, I'm waiting to be convinced of what we should do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or as PeterDietz says  "cherry pick"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory: my suggestion here was only to use GitHub as an HTTP server with the most up-to-date translations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; what if that location happens to coincide with master?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-108-221.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or a maintence branch?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; for this particular issue, no problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; get your cake and eat it too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; actually, that's what i meant - for each version corresponding branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so what about merging dspace-api-lang and dspace-xmlui-lang?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Later, taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; dspace-xmlui-lang is not required for jspui etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ok, i'll have to go now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; good dialog, thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i'm not sure we reached any conclusion about the merge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yes, thanks. lot of hard questions to answer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; however, it's worth thinking about the ant task</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (a@195.113.97.174) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* barmintor is now known as barmintor_beer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>