<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2013-08-21
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161244.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161244.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161244.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~chatzilla@95.235.208.246) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@128.146.173.70) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi All, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Meeting.  Today's agenda is up at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-08-21">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-08-21</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2013-08-21 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-08-21">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-08-21</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll start things off with a few Pull Request reviews.  Here's our PR listing: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Could we revisit #210?  I've cleaned it up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sure thing.. we can start at #210 then. <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/210">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/210</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-1269] EmailService to encapsulate the sending of mail by mwoodiupui · Pull Request #210 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/210">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/210</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; merge button is green, and Travis vouches for it...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: so is andrea's concern adressed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I have tested it, +1 for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm +1 this.  I'm just skimming it, but it all looks fine at a glance.  Would be nice to get in early</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; push the button, Max!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Total is +2 with no -1s.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's pulled.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Progress!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One minor note...looks like it adds a config ("mail.session.name") which needs docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; yeah, I was going to say I don't have any reservations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I will document it.  Thanks for the reminder.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, we'll move on now... the next PR on our list is #222 <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/222">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/222</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Implementation of CAS (Single Sign-On) authentication for DSpace by nkneumann · Pull Request #222 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/222">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/222</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I just added a changes-config label to Ds-1269</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I might be able to test this, but I totally can't promise a date</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bram-atmire (~bram@94-225-35-170.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Looks like mhwood had a lot of good comments/suggestions on this PR (which have not yet been fixed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; if this works for those 2 guys who developed it together and if there are no major concerns, I'd say merge it and iron it out during testathon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; btw misilot is here today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think this idea/code looks good in general, but there are some issues...namely the ones mhwood pointed out in comments.  CAS Auth should NOT be enabled by default, and it needs to avoid adding specific code to other areas of the codebase</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so, it seems this is an auth method at least 5 people are interested in (including me)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe I should fork it and submit some changes to the author.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: good idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Once things are cleaned up, I think it'd be a good addition. It just cannot be merged as-is, as it does some "not great" things (like replace default PasswordAuthentication with CASAuthentication in authentication.cfg)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, if you are willing, that'd be great.  Most of the fixes seem like one-liners...but, a few are important to fix before merging</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I will do that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mark I read that a JSPUI help is need, feel free to send me an email with some context to make a final review/cleanup for JSPUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; we also need to check license of the cas.casclient dependency</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, let's do one more PR for today... #227 : <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/227">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/227</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1561 build.properties breaks no-auth SMTP by helix84 · Pull Request #227 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/227">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/227</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thank you bollini.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 227 sounds like a thing we should fix, but I had some concern about the expression.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I have just added a comment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we can use StringUtils.isNotBlank</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I honestly can't remember what I meant. If someone wants to take it, I'd appreciate it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I forgot about StringUtils, and isNotBlank. Another project I'm working on is littered with dozens of !=null &amp;&amp; !=""</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If someone wants to fix up PR #227, it seems like a good candidate to "just merge".  It should be a one-line fix.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; PR#227 itself is also one-line</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; to answer helix84's earlier note about PR #222, it looks like the "casclient" is a BSD-style license: <a href="http://search.maven.org/remotecontent?filepath=cas/casclient/2.1.1/casclient-2.1.1.pom">http://search.maven.org/remotecontent?filepath=cas/casclient/2.1.1/casclient-2.1.1.pom</a>  (license reported as: <a href="http://www.yale.edu/tp/cas/LICENSE).">http://www.yale.edu/tp/cas/LICENSE).</a>  So, it should be OK.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, regarding PR #227, anyone want to fix that one line and merge it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I'm just opening my workspace...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: thanks for checking, I added it as a comment to the issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. well, I'm gonna move on to other meeting topics for now.  It'd be nice if someone can just clean up #227</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Ehm, please check if it really needs cleaning up. The original logic might have worked, I don't remember now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: ok, I will check</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so the other topic is the ever-present DSpace 4.0 Release.  If I'm not mistaken, we have a schedule (which I pasted into the agenda page)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; sorry a last pr <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/286">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/286</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1622 Porting of the Login As feature to JSPUI by abollini · Pull Request #286 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/286">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/286</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I think the next steps are to (1) get this schedule over on the 4.0 Release Notes, and (2) Announce it to the community / make people aware.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.  I can do that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; can you check my last comment? I have suggested to change a configuration to use the same value in jspui and xmlui. Is it fine for you? if so I will be able to complete this PR in the next few days</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mhwood: thanks to get you this task!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini:  Regarding PR#286, yes it makes sense for XMLUI &amp; JSPUI to share the same "webui.user.assumelogin" configuration since it's the same feature across both UIs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i added the appropriate labels to the related issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: Ok, sounds great!  If you need another set of eyes in drafting the 4.0 schedule announcement, feel free to let me know.  Glad to offer help, if you need it, but the announcement need not be anything "fancy"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; tdonohue: thank you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, as for the rest of the meeting, is there anything else 4.0 related that the Release Team (or others) would like to discuss?  Should we review any other specific PRs or similar?  I'm open for ideas... I just wanted to make sure to leave time for 4.0 discussions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; I've got a few 4.0 points</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; easiest one first:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; I volunteer to wrap up the release page with short descriptions &amp; icons for the new features, like the last 2 releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Now to get together a list of what we think is already targeting 4.0 and get in touch with the authors to coordinate and schedule.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; bram-atmire: that sounds good.  Thank you!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 bram-atmire: that'd be great! Folks have always liked that visual touch to the release notes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; bram-atmire has a suggestion about following up with RichardJones about a ResourceSync contribution (at the end of the release notes)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; which easily transitions into what these features need to link to … docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; Does anyone share the feeling/idea to do some more structural improvements to the docs in the light of 4.0 ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bram-atmire: apart from the fact that we should completely rewrite our Installation page? ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger believes helix84 just volunteered</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; RE: ResourceSync. I distinctly recall RichardJones mentioning (at OR13) that ResourceSync for DSpace would not be stable in time for 4.0.  We can touch base with him again to be sure, but I recall him saying that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; tdonohue I remember something similar yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; RE: Docs.  I'd love to see them improved  upon.  Installation is a page that needs it. As does the Upgrade page perhaps</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: I've been meaning to do that for over a year. I'm fairly sure I won't manage to do that in time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Only the server side of RS is done, so far as I can tell.  There's no client side.  (That is:  there's not enough to use it for sync.ing two DSpaces.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; well, there are personally a few extra docs pages I want to tackle before mid october, they are all entered as jira tickets</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; DS-1516</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1516">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1516</a> ] - [#DS-1516] Authority Control Documentation - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; DS-1509</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1509">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1509</a> ] - [#DS-1509] Item Mapper documentation - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; DS-880</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-880">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-880</a> ] - [#DS-880] Better documentation for permissions - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; and then the uglier and more elaborate task of i18n docs still sitting on the general DSpace wiki instead of the actual docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I also intend to work on the Shib "lazy session" documentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; but all things considered, these things are all pretty straight forward, they just need to get done</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; but in terms of the organization of the tree of pages i'm still struggling to think about a better way to organize the tree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; so if anyone has any ideas there, I think there's some room for improving stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; at one time there was a pointer to the "current" docs, which I've hit when googling</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; or maybe we could have a separate meeting moment, focused on brainstorming around getting a better tree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bram-atmire: It was my suggestion about 2 years ago that we need to separate user docs and admin docs (and perhaps even admin docs into howto and reference)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd love to see us start to "reorganize" docs into "User's Guide" and "Administrator's Guide".  Right now, we have a little of both sprinkled throughout.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; the top level nodes configuration/customization/advanced customization/System administration don't seem super clear anymore</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; A good example of a better docs organization structure could actually be the sidebar of the Atlassian Confluence Docs: <a href="https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/DOC/Confluence+Documentation+Home">https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/DOC/Confluence+Documentation+Home</a>  ("101", "User's Guide", "Admin's Guide", "Install &amp; Upgrade Guide", "Release Notes", etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Confluence Documentation Home - Confluence Latest - Atlassian Documentation ] - <a href="https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/DOC/Confluence+Documentation+Home">https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/DOC/Confluence+Documentation+Home</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; user e.g. end user? who is normally served in JSPUI with the dspace help pages?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, getting to that model could take some work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Some of you might know about the Sun Scholar wiki which is written in the HOWTO style and is Ubuntu-specific. Once I asked the author, Hilton Gibson, whether he would like to work on the official docs instead, but he refused (his wiki covers a broader scope than just dspace admin docs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Install and Upgrade, important keywords, especially for a harried devops type just trying to figure out how to get going</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "user" in my mind would be "repository manager".  "admin" would be "system administrator in charge of installing/configuring DSpace"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yeah, there's a blurred line, some UI elements are used by both repo manager and admin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; I'm not sure whether the split can really be made without overlaps. Because if there are overlaps we can end up with a situation where we have to manage the same information in two different places</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; maybe those shared pieces could be made a separate wiki page and that page shared by both admin and user docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, there's the System Administrator who runs the machine and installs things.  There's the Repository Manager who sets up the overall repo.  There are Community and Collection Managers delegated powers and work by the R.M.  There are end users.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The trick is knowing which role you are working in.  You might be any or all of those people.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; even the end users might just be visitors or they might be submitters - another blurred line</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So maybe the way is to first explain the roles and then organize by role?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'll try to find my original proposal, I think we did agree on splitting up howto vs. reference</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we cannot create docs for "casual visitors", as each repo is different... That's like saying that WordPress needs to create docs for "anyone who is browsing a WordPress-based site) ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, this is starting to sound like user-centered design: identify stakeholders, develop user personas</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This is part of the reason I was looking for a different 'generic' term... It's more about separating out the "Config/Setup/Install/Upgrade" docs from the "Here's how you actually use DSpace" Docs.  So, maybe it's "Administrative" vs. "Usage" docs or something</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That sounds good.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We could parse the "Usage" into every possible user role..but, I don't think that's absolutely necessary in the short term.  It's just important to try and seperate "Usage" from "Administration"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; found the original discussion (at the end), this might have been the first time I spoke up in DevMtg:  <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2011-02-16">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2011-02-16</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot ] - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2011-02-16">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2011-02-16</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And, yea, there still  may be some overlap between "Administration" &amp; "Usage"...but, we can interlink wiki pages as needed, and similar.  You can also create the same page in two sections, and just have one page "embed" the contents of the other.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I just entered a sketch of documentation for mail.session.name, but it could be improved.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, not sure if I've taken this off track.  My point is we should not worry about trying to create docs for every-possible user role.  The most important two are Admin tasks &amp; Usage (mostly UI) tasks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; FYI, I'm going to merge <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/288">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/288</a> it is more than one line but pretty trivial (I found other problem with empty configuration - alert.recipient)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1561 build.properties breaks no-auth SMTP by abollini · Pull Request #288 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/288">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/288</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It's just an idea to throw out there...but, I'm not sure how much time I'll have to devote towards this for 4.0 (that's still too be determined)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I think the low hanging friut is to isolate the reference parts - like description of config options</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; these are already duplicated with config file comments</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: those changes to #288 look reasonable...but, it looks like it's currently "unmergeable" (no green button).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; if we ever move configuration to the admin UI, we'll also want the descriptions there, so we need to figure out a way forward</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; tdonohue: yes, I just see it... it is the merge of the mark pull request... I try to fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; good discussion!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: yea, config stuff would be nice to clean up in the documentation &amp; isolate better. For now, I think we do need it in the Docs, as it sometimes adds more details/examples than we can provide in the config file comments.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; Can the DSDOC4X space be used to "try" out certain improvements or should we reach a formal consensus before changing stuff?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bram-atmire: I'd encourage you to be bold and make any improvements. That way you won't get stuck waiting on review which may never come. In case of any disagreements, we can still revert those.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe the space could be copied for experimenting?  I don't want to make a lot of rework, but I also don't want to have to chase the locations for things we are trying to document, as they move about.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bram-atmire: Sure! If you have time to devote, I think it's fine to play around. The only thing I'd caution is that DSDOC4x obviously needs to start to "stabilize" as we near our first 4.0 Release Candidate. But, before then, we can play around as long as we work towards stabilization</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We can also copy the space for major experiments as needed.  The only problem there is that there's no way to "sync" up changes between two spaces...so we'd need to sync anything *manually* as needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; well, very concretely:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; i think the "usage" vs "administration" idea is quite a good starting point</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; the top nodes in the docs right now are:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; DSpace 4.x documentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; with one sub node</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; DSpace System Documentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; and that subnode contains all the other pages</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; so I want to add a Usage page on the level of "DSpace System Documentation"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; and an Administration page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; and page by page move some of the older pages in one of those nodes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; and then we can talk about the stuff that remains left under the current node, "DSpace System Documentation"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; the benefit of that approach is that any links to particular pages will still work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds good.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; that was what I was hoping</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; one concern, though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; say, we'll have a page called Introduction in both Admin and User guide, there would be a name clash</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; the same functionality can be described from both aspects, so there might be several such clashes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds reasonable to me, bram-atmire.    Though, helix84 is correct, we need to avoid "name clashes"... You cannot have two pages with the exact same name under the same Wiki Space.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, that's a problem we can solve by changing names slightly, e.g. "Embargo Usage" and "Embargo Admin/Setup"... or something like that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And it's not a new problem..it's one we have already.  We have to avoid name clashes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, the idea of creating new top level pages and moving stuff around is a good one.  It might help us determine if there are just "two categories" of top-level docs (Usage vs. Admin), or if there are more than that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It sounds like a plan.  And I have to go.  Thanks, all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; is it possible to refactor confluence offline? I know it will export to Word, can you round-trip changes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If we want something like a "shared" Preface/Introduction....we could also just add "Admin Guide" and "Usage Guide" as child pages of the "DSpace System Documentation" page...that way they are essentially just "sections" of that same document, which share the same Preface &amp; Intro</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 shudders</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger hands helix84 a blanket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger. You can only export &amp; edit *individual pages*.  Word doesn't understand a hierarchy of docs, so there's no way to refactor the hierarchy of confluence pages from Word.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 hides his face into the blanket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, luckily, moving pages around in the Confluence Hierarchy actually isn't too horrible.  It's mostly drag &amp; drop, IIRC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ha ha, what I see is almost never what I get. YMMV.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it's a pity that using Confluence for docs tethers you to the network</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; <a href="https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/DISC/Offline+Confluence+Access">https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/DISC/Offline+Confluence+Access</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Offline Confluence Access - Confluence User Community - Atlassian Documentation ] - <a href="https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/DISC/Offline+Confluence+Access">https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/DISC/Offline+Confluence+Access</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok..well, in any case, it sounds like we have a direction bram-atmire proposes to try.  We can always move around the "DSpace Administration" and "DSpace Usages" nodes within the hierarchy later on if needed...the important part is to start the refactoring into these two "sections".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; one thing that almost never works for me are links to anchors within pages</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Page#anchor</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; Doing it now as we speak, hope that this won't cause to many headaches</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notices were are obviously over-time here... no more "official" topics for today, but I'll hang around for this discussion a bit longer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: anchors within pages still work fine.. they only "break" when you change the text that you anchored to (as when the text of a heading changes, the anchor name changes).  So, usually, I try to avoid using them *too much* as they are more easily broken than links between pages (Which Confluence will try to fix for you automatically)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; just updated the PR 288  <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/288">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/288</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1561 build.properties breaks no-auth SMTP by abollini · Pull Request #288 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/288">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/288</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; use the configurationservice instead of the configurationmanager resolve the issues with empty value. I want to merge the PR to solve similar issue with alert.recipient</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: OK, say I want to link to "Functional+Overview#FunctionalOverview-AuthenticationAuthentication" and I want the link to say "Authentication". How do I fill out the fields?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; and which tab: Search? Advanced? Web Link (ugh)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: to create a page anchor, you just do this:  (1) Insert Link, (2) Go to "Advanced" tab, (3) Type in [Page Title#Heading Text].  So, for your example it'd be "Functional Overview#Authentication"  (Notice you keep any spaces in the page title or heading text!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: Docs on anchors are here: <a href="https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/CONF43/Linking+to+Pages#LinkingtoPages-LinkingtoanAnchororHeading">https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/CONF43/Linking+to+Pages#LinkingtoPages-LinkingtoanAnchororHeading</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Linking to Pages - Confluence 4.3 - Atlassian Documentation ] - <a href="https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/CONF43/Linking+to+Pages#LinkingtoPages-LinkingtoanAnchororHeading">https://confluence.atlassian.com/display/CONF43/Linking+to+Pages#LinkingtoPages-LinkingtoanAnchororHeading</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: OK, I did that (with a space). This is the red link it produced: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/createpage.action?spaceKey=DSPACE&amp;title=Functional+Overview&amp;linkCreation=true&amp;fromPageId=19006494">https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/createpage.action?spaceKey=DSPACE&amp;title=Functional+Overview&amp;linkCreation=true&amp;fromPageId=19006494</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Log In - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/createpage.action?spaceKey=DSPACE&amp;title=Functional+Overview&amp;linkCreation=true&amp;fromPageId=19006494">https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/createpage.action?spaceKey=DSPACE&amp;title=Functional+Overview&amp;linkCreation=true&amp;fromPageId=19006494</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; oh, got it now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; bollini, PR 288 looks great, but you'll probably want to run it by mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; why? it is very trivial and not related to the EmailService</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I'm just waiting for Travis CI to complete</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; there's one more gotcha: "Functional Overview#Authentication" links to ToC item, whereas "Functional Overview#AuthenticationAuthentication" links to the actual chapter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; bollini, I just wasn't part of the discusscusion to begin with, I'm more of an interested bystander :-) But if Travis says it compiles, and you say it works, it's good enough for me :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; Travis says yes: <a href="https://travis-ci.org/DSpace/DSpace/builds/10469678">https://travis-ci.org/DSpace/DSpace/builds/10469678</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Travis CI - Free Hosted Continuous Integration Platform for the Open Source Community ] - <a href="https://travis-ci.org/DSpace/DSpace/builds/10469678">https://travis-ci.org/DSpace/DSpace/builds/10469678</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; push the button, Max!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok merged. Good night! See you tomorrow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I gotta go, too, night all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161244.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (~chatzilla@95.235.208.246) Quit (Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.90.1 [Firefox 23.0.1/20130814063812])</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; byebye, first attempt done: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC4x/DSpace+4.x+Documentation">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC4x/DSpace+4.x+Documentation</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 4.x Documentation - DSpace 4.x Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC4x/DSpace+4.x+Documentation">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC4x/DSpace+4.x+Documentation</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; will send an email to dspace-commit tomorrow with an outline of what has been moved/changed so far</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bram-atmire (~bram@94-225-35-170.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: bram-atmire)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>