<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2013-08-07
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hobana.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hobana.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:36]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hobana.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hobana.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-110-35.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:28]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-110-35.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@128.146.173.70) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDie_ (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-110-35.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@128.146.173.70) Quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-110-35.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDie_ (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-110-35.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-110-35.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-110-35.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-110-35.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-110-35.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161244.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~chatzilla@host56-223-dynamic.181-80-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d5153D041.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all. Time for our weekly DSpace Developers Mtg.  Agenda posted at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-08-07">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-08-07</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2013-08-07 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-08-07">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-08-07</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll start off with a few PR reviews.  Here's our list: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; today we begin with #203 <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/203">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/203</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Ds 1510 by MinDogger · Pull Request #203 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/203">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/203</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; related to DS-1510</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1510">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1510</a> ] - [#DS-1510] Reference theme breaks Collection page flow when license text entered - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmm.. that PR has an extra change in it related to copying LDAP configs to build.properties.  <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/203/files">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/203/files</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Ds 1510 by MinDogger · Pull Request #203 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/203/files">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/203/files</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Wait until you see #204, which is the same for 3.x.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; -1 to the LDAP part</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Er, some other branch anyway.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yikes.  Yea, both #203 and #204 seem to have accidental "extra commits" in the PR.  <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/204/files">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/204/files</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Ds 1510 by MinDogger · Pull Request #204 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/204/files">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/204/files</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, sounds like we need to request a "fresh PR" in both cases.  The fix (from what I can tell) *seems* reasonable.  But, it might require a quick verification</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'd want to know why the additional test was put in, before taking it out.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; which "additional test" are you talking about? I think I'm missing the context</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, I see.. the part after the "OR" that he removed from the XSL</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; nevermind..I understand</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.. added a comment to #203 and #204.  Please feel free to add more notes as needed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; let's try one more (as we're a bit behind in PRs)... #205 : <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/205">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/205</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-1519] Workflow and submission process selection based on community hierarchy by nesovi · Pull Request #205 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/205">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/205</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; related to DS-1519</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1519">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1519</a> ] - [#DS-1519] Submission process and workflow selection considering the community&amp;#39;s hierarchy - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; sounds pretty handy, actually</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it does, I agree...skimming code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oh, good grief, a green merge button</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; would definitely need some docs along with it.  But, it looks promising to me, at a glance (skim of code)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok for me too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, it sounds really powerful..."inheritance of workflow/submission forms" - nice flashy feature possibly for 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 tdonohue, I was thinking the same</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds good but needs thorough review, more than we can do here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone want to take a moment to try it out?  I'd be +1 getting this in 4.0...just might be worth someone trying to run it and make sure it "works" reasonably enough</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I wonder if we have any other PRs to fit in the "inheritance" theme?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (obviously we'd also need some doc updates....but those could come later on.. and we could bang on this more during Testathon)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, all we need right now is a volunteer to review/try it out? any takers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, hearing none... I'll just add a comment &amp; mark it for 4.0 for now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok..stopping there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; sorry, I'm going to volunteer for reviewing 1519, as it would be immediately useful for our consortium-run repository</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; regarding DS-1609 - I reminded Joao via SMS, but he hasn't responded. He might be on holiday, can't get hold of him.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; go for it hpottinger.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1609">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1609</a> ] - [#DS-1609] DSpace 3.2 OAI-PMH Functionality needs JDK 1.7 (Java 7) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks helix84</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I think if we want to make progress here, we should just release 3.3 with the OAI patch reverted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. yea, I was gonna ask about Joao.  I haven't heard anything from him either.  We're essentially waiting on him for 1609</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; and I'm sorry about that, because I called the vote about that broken patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; what do others think here?  Should we push out an immediate 3.3 and revert the OAI patch causing this issue?  Should we give Joao a few more days (or week max) to respond?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; the thing is, Joao had now 2 weeks (I think) to respond</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; oai without the patch doesn't really work right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; so people can use the new version if they already have java7 or disable oai if they are on java6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; OAI in 3.1 works, but doesn't work for a few people (timezone issue)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; OAI in 3.2 doesn't work at all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1609 was opened one week ago (31st).  Discussion on the lists about this issue started on July 29th. So, Joao has just been unresponsive for a little over a week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; the license on xoai would allow us to "bring it in" similar to what we had to do with Cocoon, I think?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, hpottinger. It's licensed Apache 2, which allows for re-distribution &amp; modification</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I realize one does not fork lightly... but, you know... 3.2 is a security release...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep. I agree. we don't want to discourage fixing that security issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we could technically "fork" XOAI into a new "DSpace/xoai" project, apply the fix, and release it to Maven under "org.dspace.dspace-xoai" (Then apologize later to Joao but explain the reasons why we had to temporarily do so)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; My only questions were around whether it's worth that effort.  At this point, it may be...as Joao seems to be unresponsive.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; that would work, if there's a volunteer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Or we could back that PMH update out and re-add it later when it's tidied up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yes, I suggested that because it sounds like less work, with more work in the future to do a proper fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea...the other option is backout the PMH change (essentially "undo" DS-1479 and some other minor bug fixes) and release 3.3</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1479">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1479</a> ] - [#DS-1479] In OAI-PMH &amp;quot;Identify&amp;quot; response, the &amp;lt;description&amp;gt; is no longer configurable - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's the exact commit to "backout" from 3.x branch: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/commit/a27254f8c5a9eb384130104a4d69936151ebd04b">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/commit/a27254f8c5a9eb384130104a4d69936151ebd04b</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ backport DS-1479 to 3.x (bugfix, but also a small new feature and depend... · a27254f · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/commit/a27254f8c5a9eb384130104a4d69936151ebd04b">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/commit/a27254f8c5a9eb384130104a4d69936151ebd04b</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; choice is: a) take on more responsibility, and do two releases or b) choose to keep a bug, and do one release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, essentially that's the choice.  (And I don't recall what other bugs may be fixed in XOAI itself between the "2.2.9" and "3.0.0" releases)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; wait? <a href="https://github.com/lyncode/xoai/commits/master">https://github.com/lyncode/xoai/commits/master</a>  JOAO!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Commits · lyncode/xoai · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/lyncode/xoai/commits/master">https://github.com/lyncode/xoai/commits/master</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; he merged the fixes into XOAI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger is dizzy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (yesterday)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yay, SMS worked &amp;&amp; Joao is alive!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; already in Maven Central: <a href="http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Ca%3A%22xoai%22">http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Ca%3A%22xoai%22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ The Central Repository Search Engine ] - <a href="http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Ca%3A%22xoai%22">http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Ca%3A%22xoai%22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; wait... on maven? how is it possible? I still see 3.0.0 there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, so he just re-released XOAI 3.0.0?  Huh.  Didn't know you could actually do that to Maven Central</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 3.0.0 release date now says yesterday though (Aug 6)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it looks like he pushed out a new release yesterday... I wonder if that fixes things for 3.2 (if you run "mvn -U package" that should *force* maven to pull down new copies from Central)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Or you can just delete 3.0.0 from ~/.m2/repository/ and Maven will *have* to refetch it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone want to give that a try?  i.e.  rebuild DSpace 3.2 (using "mvn -U package") with Java 6 and see if our issue is fixed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; but yes, the re-released xoai requires java 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sure, i'll tray it later today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks, helix84.  I'm hoping that means we can close 1609 and tell folks to run "mvn -U package"!  (fingers crossed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; even if it works, we might still want to release a clarification to the lists for those who already upgraded to 3.2 and use java 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes..we definitely should respond to that thread on the lists..and add a comment to Ds-1609 to explain things</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks to Joao though!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: so did the new xoai you patched work for you locally?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; helix84: it did, but I'd want to test this new artifact anyway :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sure, i just wanted to double check (this time ;))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. running short on time here... so, I'm gonna move along to the next topic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ok, we can move on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up is DS-1188</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1188">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1188</a> ] - [#DS-1188] collection view doesn&amp;#39;t show content by default - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; there are now patches for both JSPUI and XMLUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I just put the JSPUI one on demo: <a href="http://demo.dspace.org/jspui/handle/10673/24">http://demo.dspace.org/jspui/handle/10673/24</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, I can scratch 3.3 off my todo list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Demo Repository: test 1 collection ] - <a href="http://demo.dspace.org/jspui/handle/10673/24">http://demo.dspace.org/jspui/handle/10673/24</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yes, hopefully, if all goes well :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; meanwhile I broke XMLUI on demo, sorry</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; here's the agenda point I wrote:  Change how default collection page works. Comment on patches available for both JSPUI and XMLUI (thanks Keiji &amp; Kevin!). In both cases implementation slightly differs from the specification in the ticket, but is still much more user-friendly than what we've had before. Does it require more work? Should we merge it anyway and perhaps keep improving it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; in my opinion, "something &gt; nothing".  But, I want something that doesn't break XMLUI ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; the JSPUI one on demo looks fine to me..it's better than currently</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: no, it works on XMLUI on master, I just broke demo by backporting the XMLUI patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; WHat does break mean ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; (fyi, Joao is emailing on dspace-tech right now)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; KevinVdV: nevermind, I just failed the backport to 3.x, I tested it successfully on master</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, to be honest, we probably shouldn't be making these changes to Demo (yet).  Demo is supposed to be 3.2 right now.  We shouldn't be adding 4.0 features until we get closer to Testathon, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I put it on demo just a few minutes ago for this DevMtg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Oh ok great, as long as it works on the master.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sure, I'll revert it back to 3.1, it's just for your convenience</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; but are not the slf4j issues actually blocking the master to work...?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: thanks. Yea, we should revert back on demo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I kinda had to fix the sl4J issue to get my patch to work :D</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: reminding you about our OR13 talk about multiple demo servers :p</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Excluding it from the solrj in xoai solved it FOR NOW.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but in any case...what I see for the JSPUI looks "good enough" to me for Ds-1188.  A screenshot of XMLUI would be nice.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Gimme a second for the xmlui screen !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Although I will need to make a small alteration, it shouldn't be enabled by default (for now)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: yea...if I had more hands we could have more demo servers ;)  Otherwise, we are more than welcome to add *more* webapps to that same demo server (e.g. "xmlui-test")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; (more FYI, Joao seems to be asking us to "merge" xoai library)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'll provide the XMLUI screenshot in a few minutes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; seriously though, on demo.dspace.org server, anyone should be allowed to add more webapps. So, if you want to put up test content, just create a /xmlui-test/ webapp or similar.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Oh ok thx helix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; anyway, my point with the specification (as opposed to these implementations) was that the initial collection page should not be special (recent items should be just another normal index). both implementations still treat it specially, but it's much better than what we had until now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So you want us to revisit this later with a more comprehensive approach.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'd like to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I.e. don't close the issue yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'd create two separate issues for the implementations and leave the original spec open.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; <a href="http://i.imgur.com/01dycaK.png">http://i.imgur.com/01dycaK.png</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd just suggest we rename or recreate the "spec" ticket -- currently the name of Ds-1188 is just "collection view doesn't show content by default"...and both these implementations now resolve that (as they show content by default)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; (btw this kills two birds with one stone - there was also a request for a "more" link on "recently added")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I would like to add a small commit to disable the XMLUI by default ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; KevinVdV: why?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Are we in agreement that this should be the default view for collections ? If so fine for me ofc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; (that was the point)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; But no collection log/metadata is shown</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; log == logo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd rather the default view show some content.  But, the Collection logo &amp; Metadata *must* still be shown</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I see</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; heretic idea: could we just drop collection logo &amp; description?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; people would be angry if we took away the Collection logo &amp; intro text.  That's used heavily by Departments &amp; also when you put a Journal Issue in DSpace (where the Issue = Collection, and Articles = Items)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ouch, point of my spec is defeated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I just want to be sure before we all go that we talk about DS-1586/PR 242, which KevinVdV mentioned (not specifically) a little while ago.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1586">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1586</a> ] - [#DS-1586] SLF4J and JCL Bridge version incompatibility - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; but I agree, that with the current implementation we need a simple option to switch back to the old behaviour</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I can disable the behaviour by default but leave the config option available for those who want to make the switch.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; It isn't a definitive solution but it is a start</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; KevinVdV: Agreed on off by default. Let me get back to the drawing board for a few days. Do you think you'll still have time to improve this before 4.0 if I figure out a solution?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, as-is, Ds-1188 would need to be "off" by default.  Hopefully we can find a way to just display collection logo &amp; intro text at the top of the page again, as needed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; It will be very difficult to improve this further for 4.0 I fear</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I would also like to add that 1188 also includes a VIEW MORE link by default if disabled</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; KevinVdV: time-wise or code-wise difficult?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; time-wise</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Got my hands full with my daughter ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Eh, we have to leave *something* for 5.0.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I know, thanks that you have worked on it anyway</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; time-wise could just mean we look for other volunteers to chip in...once the basics are there, maybe someone can help enhance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Added commit to disable by default</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok..we've run over time  here.  We seem to never get to nailing down 4.0 Schedule. I'd like to suggest we try this on -release again.  It'll be topic #1 next week as well.  We cannot delay this much more...otherwise we don't give folks time to plan.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger also mentioned DS-1586 above</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1586">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1586</a> ] - [#DS-1586] SLF4J and JCL Bridge version incompatibility - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Thanks, Kevin. I already have an idea about the final solution, I'll work on it and add it to the spec. Meanwhile I'll create separate tickets for these implementations. Is it OK if I merge them to master now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; there's a PR for 1586, #242, but there's also a patch submitted by mhwood, which I think he's planning to submit as a PR, thoughts?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Perhaps we should discuss 1586 before merge ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; All I did to fix was exclude the newer, but perhaps the better solution should be to upgrade the version.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; If anybody has tested this I would be +1 for this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; regarding #242 - I think it's a good start, but I'd prefer mhwood's patch attached to DS-1586.   I think we need to move this dependency up to 'dspace-parent' and manage it there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1586">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1586</a> ] - [#DS-1586] SLF4J and JCL Bridge version incompatibility - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I did build with my patch and check the SLF4J JAR versions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (but, as mdiggory noted on our commit list, we need to avoid accidentally overriding SLF4J for things like Solr....but, I think mhwood's patch looks safe)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I can always adjusted my pull request accordingly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; there's been a private discussion on the general topic on -commit, I'm generally in favor, though I don't know that we get to say what version of SLF4J Solr gets to use</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There is yet another issue for pulling dspace-solr into the main DSpace repository, and we'd have to be careful about insulating it from dependencyManagement.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; solr uses 1.6.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, our problem was that we didn't keep up with slf4j and others do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we don't get to say what version of SLF4J things like Solr use :)  And yea, that is something to be aware of... if we pulled in "dspace-solr", we have to be *very careful* it doesn't inherit the wrong dependencies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The stock POM should be specifying what they want.  We just have to leave that in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I wouldn't worry about pulling in dspace-solr, the only thing using this is the solr webapp</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yep, agreed...it shouldn't be a bit deal. we just don't want to change the Solr "stock POM"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; The slfj dependency solr uses is pulled in by solrj which is the java intterface to talk to solr</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.  So, then...it all sounds reasonable (just needs testing).  seems like we should be able to make mhwood's changes for Ds-1586, and also merge in dspace-solr</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I will do a PR for my patch.  BTW the merge issue is DS-1612.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1612">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1612</a> ] - [#DS-1612] Merge DSpace/dspace-solr project into DSpace/DSpace - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; the dspace-solr merge in requires some work though ;) doesn't pass the travis build</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood does a PR for 1586, I will test and merge ASAP (though I trust him if he wants to race me) :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm going to have to leave soon but will do a PR tomorrow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; works for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Great, please log this in DS-1188 also so we don't forget about it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV -- looks like Travis CI is just complaining about file headers (missing our default license) in dspace-solr.  Likely they just need the default DSpace license pasted in the top</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1188">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1188</a> ] - [#DS-1188] collection view doesn&amp;#39;t show content by default - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Yep I noticed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Anything else for me before I go?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  I think we're wrapping up now. I have to head out shortly here too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, I have no more topics to call.  Just the reminder that we need to get 4.0 scheduling figured out soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I need to run, too, but will be in IRC tomorrow morning and will test XOAI (DS-1609) and the new PR for DS-1586</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1609">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1609</a> ] - [#DS-1609] DSpace 3.2 OAI-PMH Functionality needs JDK 1.7 (Java 7) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1586">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1586</a> ] - [#DS-1586] SLF4J and JCL Bridge version incompatibility - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, thanks all, 'bye.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and since "test XOAI" involves the exact changes the new PR will put in place, I'll probably test that first :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; btw now I don't know what I should be testing, so please prod me when you have it ready</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; helix84: I was just aluding to the fact that you can't actually get :master to install right now, due to the SLF4J version mismatch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/267">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/267</a> should be fixed now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-1612] Merge DSpace/dspace-solr project into DSpace/DSpace by KevinVdV · Pull Request #267 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/267">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/267</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I was able to do that with Kevin's patch to 1188, so that's one fix. But now with Mark's fix, I don't know what I should be testing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I believe ant updating &amp; attempting to reindex discovery should do the trick, if that fails you know it ain't fixed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'm now officially lost :) I'll call it a night. Please, let me know when you have something you need me to test. Thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I also need to run now… until next week, if you need me feel free to email me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I do keep track of those</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d5153D041.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; gotta run, will be here tomorrow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161244.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (~chatzilla@host56-223-dynamic.181-80-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) Quit (Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.90.1 [Firefox 22.0/20130618035212])</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-110-35.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-110-35.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dhcp-164-107-110-35.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 248 seconds)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>