<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2013-10-09
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@162-231-20-234.lightspeed.clmboh.sbcglobal.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@162-231-20-234.lightspeed.clmboh.sbcglobal.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@162-231-20-234.lightspeed.clmboh.sbcglobal.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@162-231-20-234.lightspeed.clmboh.sbcglobal.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dietz72m1.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 248 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue1 (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:42]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 268 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161244.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jrgriffiniii (~chatzilla@139.147.64.195) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue1 is now known as tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamatis (b03a994b@gateway/web/freenode/ip.176.58.153.75) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's time for the weekly DSpace Developers Meeting.  Today's agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-10-09">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-10-09</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2013-10-09 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-10-09">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-10-09</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hi kstamatis: you just missed a discussion about citations / CSL / CiteProc / BTE in #dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; sorry, i couldn't attend</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As we've noted in our 4.0 Release Schedule, today is our first day devoted towards New Feature Pull Request reviews</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; no logs, ha!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~chatzilla@87.18.60.109) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; kstamatis, I can forward a transcript to you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Does someone from our Release Team have a listing of the New Feature PRs for us to work from? Just wondering where it's best to start our reviews from today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: I just did</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; hpottinger: that would be great! Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; helix84: thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, PRs, bollini came up with a very cool JS thing to organize our PRs, I've put them into a Google Doc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; hpottinger: please send also to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; <a href="http://jsfiddle.net/bollini/C8jcE/2/">http://jsfiddle.net/bollini/C8jcE/2/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Export github pulls - JSFiddle ] - <a href="http://jsfiddle.net/bollini/C8jcE/2/">http://jsfiddle.net/bollini/C8jcE/2/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; bollini built a tool to extract PRs; hpottinger has been working on a resulting spreadsheet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, this is world writable, so you all be on god behavior, hear? :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; *good*, lol</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "god behavior"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 switches to god mode</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AimboW73gZRJdEVkdUdxR2Nac0JqeXA1QmRBcmlRbHc#gid=0">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AimboW73gZRJdEVkdUdxR2Nac0JqeXA1QmRBcmlRbHc#gid=0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it's cold here, I blame these cold fingers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; "god behavior" = 1/"good behavior":  everything you do is right by definition and everyone else has to accept it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Google Docs - Online documents, spreadsheets, presentations, surveys, file storage and more ] - <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AimboW73gZRJdEVkdUdxR2Nac0JqeXA1QmRBcmlRbHc#gid=0">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheet/ccc?key=0AimboW73gZRJdEVkdUdxR2Nac0JqeXA1QmRBcmlRbHc#gid=0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, finally loaded for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, shall we start at the top then?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I've hilighted all rows that aren't currently merge able (aka "dirty" or "unstable")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Newest are at the top.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: Is this sorted by priority? If so, please move DS-1475 as I'm currently incorporating changes suggested in review.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1475">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1475</a> ] - [#DS-1475] Improvement of Collection Dropdown - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; current sort is "newest first"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we haven't yet prioritized</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Just started looking at it this afternoon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; same here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, do we suggest just going "newest first" or going to "oldest first"?   Either is fine by me, just wondering what the RT would recommend here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; certain things "jump out" like when you run across your own name in the "assignee" column</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: I'd recommed prodding the old ones forst</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Older ones should get attention or they'll stay older.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, as a note, I suggest we intentionally skip any PRs that relate to *bugs*.  We need to concentrate on New Feature PRs (and I notice there's a combo of both in this spreadsheet)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; How do we use "assignee" anyway?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, starting from the bottom then..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; last year, we had a big "merge fest", I'm not suggesting we do that, but if we look at the old ones you can see most of them aren't merge able as-is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we should try to make a RT member as assignee where there are no one else</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Start with oldest mergeable?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; so to be able to finalize or withdrawn most of the PRs during this week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; bollini: I agree, provisionally, as long as the RT is still accepting members :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; wait, isn't this spreadsheet just a listing of *all* PRs?  I notice there's 56 lines, and 56 PRs listed here: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yes, this spreadsheet is all PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; PRs don't have target versions, do they?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; the RT will accept members at any time ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* l_a_p (~chatzilla@host145-88-dynamic.19-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; which is why I sorted newest first</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I'm just gonna go through all PRs then, oldest first.  If the PR is unmergeable, I suggest we skip it.  However, the RT might want to reach out to people who have an unmergeable PR to ask if they want to update for 4.0 review.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That sounds proper.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: sounds like a good plan, I do have an update on the SWORD2 PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That being said, skipping #47, 50, 51, 61, 78 (all are unmergeable)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: as per today's email thread, Richard is going to update SWORD2 it to latest codebase; help is welcome</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, first up is #94: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/94">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/94</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1278 add a link to More Submissions at the bottom of Recent Submissio... by ottenhoff · Pull Request #94 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/94">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/94</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-1278</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1278">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1278</a> ] - [#DS-1278] Provide a link to More Submissions at the bottom of Recent Submissions - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; this one is obsoleted by DS-1188</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1188">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1188</a> ] - [#DS-1188] collection view doesn&amp;#39;t show content by default - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so assuming we accept Ds-1188, we would close this one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yes, I hope to get to testing it this weekend</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; skipping #94 for now then (but leaving open until a decision is made)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/159">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/159</a> (DS-1433)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1433 add site-wide facets for /community-list by helix84 · Pull Request #159 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/159">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/159</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1433">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1433</a> ] - [#DS-1433] Communities &amp;amp; Collections page in Discovery should show facets - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I recommend to reject</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; it is not clear what facets on community should be</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; we discussed this one here at [20:07]: <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2013-05-15">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2013-05-15</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot ] - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2013-05-15">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/index.php?date=2013-05-15</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; when we will have more metadata on community we can build facet upon community metadata</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; To clarify here. Community &amp; Collection *homepages* already show facets.  It's this page that doesn't: <a href="http://demo.dspace.org/xmlui/community-list">http://demo.dspace.org/xmlui/community-list</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Community List ] - <a href="http://demo.dspace.org/xmlui/community-list">http://demo.dspace.org/xmlui/community-list</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; yes, but community and collection home page are show case as the repository home page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; it is a very small theme change we can always post it in a wiki page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; just want to avoid to put some confusing content that we can manage properly in a (hope) near future</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: sorry, I'm not sure what you mean by properly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Since other "browse" pages don't show facets: e.g. Browse by Date, Browse by Title, Browse by Author , I'm leaning towards a -1 here too.  Browse by Community &amp; Collection (<a href="http://demo.dspace.org/xmlui/community-list)">http://demo.dspace.org/xmlui/community-list)</a> also shouldn't show facets unless all others do too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Currently, Facets only make sense on the Homepage, and Individual Communities &amp; Collections.  We already have facets in those locations though, so there's nothing to fix there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; community-list show only "communities" so facets should be related to community metadata</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: can you give me an example of a community facet?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; if we have a community metadata "dc.type" with values like "Library", "Department", etc. we can build a facet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I agree with bollini and tdonohue, and if a developer wants to add facets to other pages anyway, it's do-able</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: ok, I understand</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think we have two -1 votes here, which means this is rejected.  I'd suggest we cannot get into extremely deep discussions or otherwise we'd never get through these PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok. helix84 can you post the discussion on the PR and write a wiki page in the next days?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, #159 / Ds-1433 is rejected... moving along</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; skipping over #161 as it's unmergeable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; #183 is a bug</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, moving on then to: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/186">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/186</a> (DS-1028)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1028: CAS authentication by misilot · Pull Request #186 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/186">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/186</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1028">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1028</a> ] - [#DS-1028] Single Sign-On CAS plugin for DSpace 1.7.2 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've made a start on reconciling 186 and 222.  CAS is hard to characterize in the general case.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, yea, looks like #222 is a different implementation: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/222">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/222</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1028 Implementation of CAS (Single Sign-On) authentication for DSpace by nkneumann · Pull Request #222 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/222">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/222</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; People have been building CAS plugins all over, but they have always turned out to be site-specific.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; just noted that #186 is about cas 2.1 (very old)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: would it help to have several CAS plugins in DSpace?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Generally speaking, this sounds like a good idea to add to DSpace, but I've never really used CAS auth, so not familiar with the issues at hand.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I hope not. :-/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; cas 2 and cas3 jar not live well togheter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, should we set review of this aside to see if the two implementations can be reconciled?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Or, is there a better way forward here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we use cas but probably put a cas implementation available out-of-box in dspace will make difficult the use of the other one (3 vs 2)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So maybe we *do* need two, but now we know they're CAS2 and CAS3.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That helps.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, I'd be +1 getting either (or both) into 4.0, if it's doable.  But, I don't know that'd I'd be able to help test or anything (from lack of familiarity).  Also, either would need some new documentation obviously.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; (We actually have our own CAS plugin here just about to go into production, but IU hacked its own version of CAS and doesn't interwork with the others.  Grrr.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I can give a try to the CAS3 implementation in the next days</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it sounds like mhwood &amp; bollini will work on these?  should we move along for now then?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, moving on.  Skipping #188 as it's a bugfix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next is: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/189">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/189</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ SSO authentication module - RemoteUser by iwellaway · Pull Request #189 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/189">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/189</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; l_a_p: please do a porting to the jspui and start testing #222 ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmm.. #189 has a comment from our last review, and no response from author since then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 4 months ago.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep. So, that likely implies this one only "gets in" if someone wants to take it over</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;l_a_p&gt; bollini: ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (or if the author, iwellaway, suddenly responds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Needs champion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; is it really "clean"? the comment from tdonohue implies there is an issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, skipping over #189 then, as it needs updates.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: I think it's "clean" in that it builds..but not necessarily "clean" code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I suggest to be clear here: no news, no volunteer, no in 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; bollini: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; #189: no news, no volunteer, not in 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, if a PR has issues, mergeable or not, we need contact with the submitter.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we should send an email with the list of PRs that are not ready to merge in 4.0 so to allow authors to make upgrade</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along, #190 : <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/190">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/190</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Social Sharing Bar and Export to bibtex, RIS and Mendeley by lyncodev · Pull Request #190 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/190">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/190</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Or a new champion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: that's a good idea. I'd recommend the RT send that email, if you feel it's worthwhile</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; #190 is related to DS-1493</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1493">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1493</a> ] - [#DS-1493] Sharing and Export Bar - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 190 not mergeable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh whoops. my mistake.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; skipping #190, as it's not mergeable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; skipping #192 (bug fix)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; skipping #195 (bug fix)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I'm not a google doc user... can someone make the change in the doc so to track NOT in 4.0 ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That requires JOINing with some source of that information, such as JIRA.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; skipping  #196 (bug fix)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; a new column? "in 4.0?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; hpottinger: yes, with values: probably yes / no / bug fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we also may want a column for "bug fix" vs. feature</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; or, we do as bollini suggests :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Just SELECT stuff FROM GitHub, JIRA WHERE jira.version = 4.0 OR jira.version IS NULL</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up is #202 : <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/202">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/202</a> (DS-1508)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Multilingual help for JSPUI by lyncodev · Pull Request #202 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/202">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/202</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1508">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1508</a> ] - [#DS-1508] Multilingual Help improvement for JSPUI - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; #202 also has had no response from joao.  As noted in comments, the related ticket was closed and status is uncertain</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; columns created, I will have difficulty capturing data in them and following discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: someone can always use the logs later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I'm noting status here as we go)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; well, it was closed by claudia, but it seems that was a misunderstanding</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; she thought this adds multilingual supposrt, which we already had; but this improves it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Are there remaining issues with the patch?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; it's not ideal, but that's an issue with our i18n overall, not this patch. this patch improves status quo.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And it's mergeable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: what do you think?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is this a direction we want to go?  If so, and it works, better beats perfect later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I'm not sure about the need to multiple css for languages</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; probably this as been done for background image but it will add lot of duplication</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: that can be fixed later, but it wouldbe a pity to let this large piece of work go to waste if it can be improved later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, not too fond of the amount of duplication here. :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I guess we can let it slide, but it's a bit "rough" around the edges...  The only way to do a translation is to know HTML, generate new images, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: mmm... really not sure here, I'm 0 with that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I mean it's nice that you *can* create translated copies now. But the translation process is even worse than the messages.properties + messages.xml, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So it seems that the question is do it now and improve it later, or improve it slightly later and merge it in 5.0 a year from now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; just to note that this pr is about a translation it doesn't enable translation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I will defer to those who deal with translation more than I do, which is a lot of people.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'm +1. We'll need to do an i18n revamp anyway, so IMHO no need to wait with content for the perfect infratructure.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we can already translate the help, no need to move the english version under an en folder</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; How does this square with the stock Java property-bundle approach?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: that hurts mu translator ears :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: .properties is relatively cumbersome to use by translators. It's just one thing that Java doesn't do very well, comparatively.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: so you want to migrate away from it, not towards it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; My only worry is whether this creates more "boundaries" in fixing our translation processes.  We're creating more "hardcoded" content that isn't easily translatable, and where will people contribute new translations to this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm a 0, but I have some reservations here.  I don't understand the proposed way that folks can contribute more translations... It's murky and not sure if it confuses things even more</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, helix84, if there is a good reason to reinvent wheels, it should be done.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; just a note, the link to the PRs in the Google doc has been fixed up a tiny bit, to be directly usable (instead of an API link), and, erm, yeah, I'm not above making a sweeping change in the middle of a discussion in progress, *I'm a professional* :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Does this need to wait for a higher-level design pass over L10N?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: I definitely think this is the case. But the Java ecosystem is huge, so I'm not holding my breath for a commonly accepted standardized solution anytime soon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: who would do such pass?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Better wheels for DSpace is what I meant.  If the Java community wants to follow along, even better.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I'm thinking if an external folder for the help could be useful here. In this way external help translation can be just a .zip file</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If I understand this correctly, we'll now be accepting translations to DSpace/dspace-api-lang, DSpace/dspace-xmlui-lang and now DSpace/DSpace (for this).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: Yep, Joao even started: <a href="https://github.com/lyncode/xliff-translate">https://github.com/lyncode/xliff-translate</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ lyncode/xliff-translate · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/lyncode/xliff-translate">https://github.com/lyncode/xliff-translate</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: what do you mean by external?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; something like an "help-content" folder in the dspace installdir</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; that is served by a servlet like the BitstreamServlet acts for the assetstore</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: I see what you mean, I'm just not sure why bother with it for static content.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; just to avoid the need to repackage the webapp or requires the people to setup an additional piece (apache http virtual host with static content)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; good point</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; our hour is up, do we want to keep going, or set up another time to keep at this list of PRs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I have to leave, so another time would work best for me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think my only problem here is that this "static content" is in DSpace/DSpace.  I thought part of the point was to try and pull these translations out into a separate place (so they can potentially be managed separately from the main codebase).  I know we definitely are not there yet, but this seems to be going in the opposite direction (encouraging translators to now also submit patches right to DSpace/DSpace)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: I'm in favour of a dedicated review meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; same time, tomorrow?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We do have next week (10/16) also scheduled for reviews. But, we probably still need a dedicated meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can do that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mmm... no for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; can we change the time?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: what hour would suit you?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; is earlier better?  (we don't have anyone from NZ here today, so we could see if an earlier meeting time works to ensure bollini &amp; helix84 don't need to be logging in from home)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; it will be good to anticipate of 10-12 hours but not tomorrow, Friday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; earlier is fine with me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: I didn't understand. Did you mean Friday 10-12 CEST or 22-24 CEST?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I have meetings in the morning but could get out of them if necessary.  After 11:30 UTC-4 all is clear.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It might be best to talk in UTC.  normally this meeting is at 20:00 UTC.  <a href="http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?hour=20&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=0">http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?hour=20&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Event Time Announcer ] - <a href="http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?hour=20&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=0">http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?hour=20&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 10/10 and 10/11 are all clear for me, name a time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 15:00 UTC? 16:00 UTC? earlier than that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; something between <a href="http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?hour=6&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=0">http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?hour=6&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Event Time Announcer ] - <a href="http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?hour=6&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=0">http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?hour=6&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; <a href="http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?hour=15&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=0">http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?hour=15&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Event Time Announcer ] - <a href="http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?hour=15&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=0">http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?hour=15&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 6:00 UTC is middle of the night for most of USA (1:00 AM for me).  14:00 UTC or 15:00 UTC might be doable as that's beginning of the work day</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?hour=13&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=0">http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?hour=13&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=0</a> is tough for me, (8am, I'm getting kids to school)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Event Time Announcer ] - <a href="http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?hour=13&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=0">http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?hour=13&amp;min=0&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I'm clear 1200-1400 UTC and could do a couple of hours earlier from home if need be.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; 13 UTC will be very good for me (on Friday)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; though, I could check in from home and order the kids to walk to school</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; 13 UTC should be doable for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; also 14:30 UTC is good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; <a href="http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?hour=14&amp;min=30&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=0">http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?hour=14&amp;min=30&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Event Time Announcer ] - <a href="http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?hour=14&amp;min=30&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=0">http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?hour=14&amp;min=30&amp;sec=0&amp;p1=0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kstamatis (b03a994b@gateway/web/freenode/ip.176.58.153.75) Quit (Ping timeout: 250 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamagis (b03a90f5@gateway/web/freenode/ip.176.58.144.245) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm just realizing I have morning meetings the next few days.  I may be able to join late (or "lurk" while I'm in my conf calls), but I'm not really available till 15 UTC on Fri.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 1300 would be better for me.  But I have to leave now in any case.  I'll check the log to see what was decided.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Friday is wide open for me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd encourage you all to schedule amongst yourselves and I'll do my best to "lurk" in.  But, someone else may need to run the mtg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I nominate mhwood, our the 4.0 RC (and he recently left the room so he can't object) to run the meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sorry, my next few mornings are just a bit packed.  But, since it sounds like I'm the only one who may not be able to make it, I'd say go ahead without me and I'll catch up/lurk as best I can</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; sounds like 13UTC on Friday is the time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we left off today at #202 (which seemed to still be under some discussion)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; On Friday though you'd start at #205 (or #202 if you want to touch on it more)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 13 UTC appears to be 2am for NZ, so if they want to come, they'll need coffee</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok, I suggest to close with an appointment for Friday at 13 UTC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I have setup a doodle here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; <a href="http://doodle.com/4mphdxb37a8uytkt">http://doodle.com/4mphdxb37a8uytkt</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Doodle: DSpace PR review ] - <a href="http://doodle.com/4mphdxb37a8uytkt">http://doodle.com/4mphdxb37a8uytkt</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; if we can get a better agreement we will send an email to the dspace-release list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; My final note on #202: I do have some big concerns (noted above) about the translation contribution process should we merge #202. I'm not sure I like having translations coming into three different places (dspace-api-lang, dspace-xmlui-lang and main DSpace repo). But, I don't have any other "quick solutions", so I'll stay a 0 vote as of now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: good idea, I'll fill out my availability for your doodle</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: we're adjourned?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh yes, sorry. Adjourned, unless we want to discuss #202 more. I'll be around for a little bit, but we won't do any other reviews</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; to make this doc easier to find: <a href="http://tinyurl.com/ds4-PR-review">http://tinyurl.com/ds4-PR-review</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Google Docs - Online documents, spreadsheets, presentations, surveys, file storage and more ] - <a href="http://tinyurl.com/ds4-PR-review">http://tinyurl.com/ds4-PR-review</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161244.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kstamagis (b03a90f5@gateway/web/freenode/ip.176.58.144.245) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* l_a_p (~chatzilla@host145-88-dynamic.19-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) Quit (Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.90.1 [Firefox 24.0/20130910160258])</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* joaomelo (~jmelo@host86-144-15-244.range86-144.btcentralplus.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (~chatzilla@87.18.60.109) Quit (Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.90.1 [Firefox 24.0/20130910160258])</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* joaomelo_ (~jmelo@host86-144-175-152.range86-144.btcentralplus.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* joaomelo (~jmelo@host86-144-15-244.range86-144.btcentralplus.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* joaomelo_ is now known as joaomelo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* joaomelo (~jmelo@host86-144-175-152.range86-144.btcentralplus.com) Quit (Quit: joaomelo)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>