<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2013-01-23
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jonathangee (~jonathang@blk-142-16-43.eastlink.ca) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jonathangee (~jonathang@blk-142-16-43.eastlink.ca) Quit (Quit: jonathangee)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-zelazny.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-zelazny.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-zelazny.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-zelazny.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jonathangee (~jonathang@24.222.57.34) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jonathangee (~jonathang@24.222.57.34) Quit (Quit: jonathangee)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jonathangee (~jonathang@24.222.57.34) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jonathangee (~jonathang@24.222.57.34) Quit (Quit: jonathangee)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bodik (~bodik@bodik.zcu.cz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bodik&gt; hi anyone alive ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bodik&gt; we need a bit help with dspace and shibboleth</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bodik&gt; pls</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jonathangee (~jonathang@24.222.57.34) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jonathangee (~jonathang@24.222.57.34) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jonathangee (~jonathang@24.222.57.34) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jonathangee (~jonathang@24.222.57.34) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jonathangee (~jonathang@24.222.57.34) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bodik (~bodik@bodik.zcu.cz) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@195.113.97.174) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@128.146.173.112) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C154B1.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all...it's time for our weekly DSpace Devel Mtg.  Agenda at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-01-23">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-01-23</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2013-01-23 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-01-23">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-01-23</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Before we get started, just a note that I have a mtg immediately after this one (today is full of them).  So, I'll be leaving at 21:00 UTC sharp today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we'll try and get through what we can in our hour</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First up, Any more updates / things to discuss on 3.0 / 3.1?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If I'm not mistaken, was our Oracle bug squashed? (DS-1435)  If so, I wonder if we should start to think about a 3.1 release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1435">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1435</a> ] - [#DS-1435] DSpace 3.0 Oracle compatibility - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; hpottinger had to walk away for a moment.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; sorry, I wandered off, just got back, but, yes, as far as I can tell, we've squashed that bug good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; pull 171 is merged to master, and helix84 merged it to 3x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; excellent..yea, I wanted to verify that... I noticed Ds-1435 was still open, so I wasn't sure if Pull #171 was a successful squash or not (<a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/171)">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/171)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; we also piled up some translations, so we may do langpacks release soon, too (regardless of 3.1)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; was that the only oracle bug left?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I believe so.. (waiting on hpottinger to verify)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yes, that's the only Oracle bug that I know of</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I am moving forward with our upgrade testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, in my opinion, that sounds like something worth pushing out a 3.1 for.  We now have Oracle Compatibility</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thoughts? other opinions?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i still haven't fixed some UI bugs I have assigned. can I take the weekend to look at them again?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's a minority concern, but an important one, and rather urgent.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 for 3.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 -- I'm just suggesting we *schedule* 3.1.  Not saying we need to do it this week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Would have liked to have the CSV library refit in 3.1 as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I will attempt to do the csv thing tomorrow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; kevin assigned the CSV to himself, but there is also the more urgent one with "more like this" not working at all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood, do you have the issue number for that CSV library?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thank you KevinVdV!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; (kevin has that one, too, but I believe he can't budge with it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; More like this though ......</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I just need more hours in a day</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; IMHO priority(more like this) &gt; priority(CSV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; CSV ticket is DS-1407</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1407">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1407</a> ] - [#DS-1407] Refactor SOLR Statistics to use OpenCSV or Apache Commons CSV - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd agree that it'd be nice to get in the CSV replacement too, if we can.  We really shouldn't keep around an incompatible dependency much longer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; (for the record, I just closed 1435)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; OTOH, the Oracle thing is critical, so I suggest we set a date and see what else can make it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I agree on the csv thing, I think I can fix that one fairly quickly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV : good to know</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 3.1 doesn't mean we can't push out a 3.2 if we need</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so regarding 3.1 then...it sounds like we are in general agreement that we should set a date.  Two questions remain:  who (will cut the release)?  when (do we schedule it for)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; The more like this, I can't make any promisses</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i'd like to get my feet wet with a langpack release before I volunteer on a dspace release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I don't mind pulling the release lever again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We can push out as many bug-fix releases as needed... 3.1 is definitely necessary. But, we can also do a 3.2, 3.3, 3.4, etc....however many we need.  So, if some things (e.g. "more like this") need to wait for 3.2, that's not a big deal</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, so we have a 3.1 volunteer in hpottinger.  When do we want to schedule it for?  Sounds like we at least want to wait till sometime next week (to let a few more small things possibly get in)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (oh and thanks, hpottinger!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hip hip hooray hpottinger!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; [Applause]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; +1 for the hip hip</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As for the date: we could say, e.g. Thurs, Jan 31. or Fri, Feb 1...or even say "early the week of Feb 4"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; lol, it's no big thing, really, and it needs doing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; maybe Wed 1/30?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; meanwhile, I'd like to urge everyone to take a look at the list of bugs targetted at 3.1 to see if you can still fix something (especially the unassigned ones): <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+fixVersion+%3D+%223.1%22+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+ORDER+BY+due+ASC%2C+priority+DESC%2C+created+ASC&amp;mode=hide">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+fixVersion+%3D+%223.1%22+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+ORDER+BY+due+ASC%2C+priority+DESC%2C+created+ASC&amp;mode=hide</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+fixVersion+%3D+%223.1%22+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+ORDER+BY+due+ASC%2C+priority+DESC%2C+created+ASC&amp;mode=hide">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+fixVersion+%3D+%223.1%22+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+ORDER+BY+due+ASC%2C+priority+DESC%2C+created+ASC&amp;mode=hide</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That gives a week for more stuff to land.  Sounds good.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sure, Weds 1/30 is fine by me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 1/31 and on my schedule goes nuts</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, 1/30 it is then :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; nice way to avoid the backlash, hardy ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 1/30, it'll have to be early, as schedule craziness starts 1/30 afternoon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One last note...we will need to do an announcement of 3.1 &amp; post up a 3.1 Release Notes page.  But, we likely can just copy some of that from the 1.8.2 announcement <a href="http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-tech@lists.sourceforge.net/msg16318.html">http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-tech@lists.sourceforge.net/msg16318.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [Dspace-tech] DSpace 1.8.2 Released - provides bug fixes to 1.8.x	platform ] - <a href="http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-tech@lists.sourceforge.net/msg16318.html">http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-tech@lists.sourceforge.net/msg16318.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger : In that case, we likely should say...Get any final changes in by end-of-day 1/29.  As the release will be cut very early on 1/30</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; sounds good, tdonohue, 9am-ish CST (15:00 UTC)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh...we already have a 3.1 release notes page :) <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+3.1+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+3.1+Notes</a>   We'll just need to write up a brief announcement then to send out once everything is in Maven Central</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 3.1 Notes - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+3.1+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+3.1+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger : sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. Sounds like we have a plan then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If anyone has questions / concerns pop up, get in touch via dspace-devel or dspace-commit...and others can chip in as needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; any volunteers to send the note?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i'll compile the list of things fixed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Well, once we have the list of things fixed, you can almost just slightly tweak this simple email (change the links &amp; list...minor text tweaks): <a href="http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-tech@lists.sourceforge.net/msg16318.html">http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-tech@lists.sourceforge.net/msg16318.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [Dspace-tech] DSpace 1.8.2 Released - provides bug fixes to 1.8.x	platform ] - <a href="http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-tech@lists.sourceforge.net/msg16318.html">http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-tech@lists.sourceforge.net/msg16318.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd prefer that someone from the Release Team send it out...but, if needed, I can do so.  Can also bring this to dspace-release list -- someone should probably mention this release schedule there anyways</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yes. if i'm too busy to send it after release, i'll send it to tim or hardy beforehand</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; no problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok...so, I think that's it for this topic (unless there's any last questions)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 askes his last question: does the dog bite?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok...moving on then.  As mentioned (a few weeks back now), it'd be good to start getting some feedback to Joao on the DAO work he's started, and also get some others involved (or at least determine who is interested &amp; willing to help, even if they don't have time in the immediate future)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; See also DS-1438</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1438">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1438</a> ] - [#DS-1438] DAO implementation - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/161">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/161</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DAO Implementation (Status: 50%) - Community help requested by lyncodev · Pull Request #161 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/161">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/161</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm interested, have glanced at the code, that's about it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Every time I start, I run smack into "why smoosh Services into API" and never get to the code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: I think Joao asks himself the opposite question, why don't you contact him and help clear it out?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'll admit, I'm in the same boat as hpottinger.  I personally think the idea of DAO's is much needed.  Joao's work so far looks reasonable to me...but, I wish I had some more time to help / dig deeper</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood - yea, I wonder that too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint did ask that question: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/161#issuecomment-11957718">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/161#issuecomment-11957718</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DAO Implementation (Status: 50%) - Community help requested by lyncodev · Pull Request #161 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/161#issuecomment-11957718">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/161#issuecomment-11957718</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (actually discussion starts in comments above the one I linked)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yes, I read the discussion and wondered a bit, but then just started browsing the code instead, and looked around for more details on the help Joao wanted... that's as far as my skimming has taken me so far...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If we want to tuck Services into API then it should be a separate issue.  But I need to get beyond that and come back to it later, since it should be a separate issue. :-/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: as I understand it, Joao is asking for help with implementing some methods that are for now only stubs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yea, it is hard to determine where to help out (in little pieces), without having to dig in really deeply.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Maybe we need to list out what classes (or entire packages) need updating?  I'm assuming there's many out there..it's just a matter of trying to detail which ones need help, and then maybe individuals can chip in my doing a class or two (or a whole package) when they get the time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; what I meant was porting all code to use the new DAOs - shouldn't be too hard, and everyone will have to learn to work with it if this gets merged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; what would be cool would be a writeup of the work so far, and a list of what needs doing... tell the story of this code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm also curious about hearing mdiggory's opinion on these directions -- just because he's been so highly involved in dspace-services &amp; past DAO stuff (which failed to ever be merged in).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I know that may be asking a bit though...mdiggory seems busy these days...but, I guess I could always send him an email to see if he has a chance to look at it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it sounds like...overall, most of us like the "idea of DAO" &amp; want to support Joao's work.  However, there's some confusion as to what is left to do, and how to help (cause we almost need more documentation or a wiki page providing the "story of the code") and even why some things are necessary (adding dspace-services to dspace-api).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I know that's probably not the best "status".  But, it seems like that's where we all currently sit with regards to this work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, that sounds right.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I think the next steps include:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1. Directly ping others for their opinions (e.g. mdiggory -- I'll send him an email to see if he has time to look at it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: will you talk to joao about services in api? he's on Skype every day.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 summary by tdonohue, and +1 to the idea of pinging mdiggory about this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can, but I'm unsure of the ground here.  It seems that Services is separate for a reason but I can't quite articulate it.  So I'm probably not ready to start such a discussion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2. Ask Joao to give us some more info, if he can, on what is left to do, and how we can best help.  It'd be nice to get some sample code changes, or more docs on what sorts of things we need to change / look for.  Also be nice to get a list of classes/packages/modules to work from</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: i sent you his Skype handle on Skype</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  So, I think that's it for today in terms of official topics.  Anyone have anything else to discuss?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; When an issue is ready for review, how to proceed.  Especially when the submitter and the developer are the same person.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; for the next DevMtg, we should have a list of Jira issues ready that are waiting to be discussed by developers (the dev-discussion-needed label I created today)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: I'd say the developer can buttonhole a reviewer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- when an issue is "ready for review", I think there's a few ways we could proceed.   We could bring those tickets to our weekly meeting.  We could ask for a reviewer to volunteer on dspace-devel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: what I do is try to get at least 1 review and if it's positive, I merge (well I do only small code changes)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it likely depends on the ticket.  If it just needs one more set of eyes, see if you can target a reviewer or ask for one on dspace-devel.  If it needs widespread approval, we should bring it to this mtg or call a vote somewhere</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The question is:  get a review from whom?  If A submits an issue and B works on it, then A would be a good reviewer.  If B submits an issue to document that it existed and he's working on it, how to find a reviewer?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; why not ask on -devel?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- in that latter scenario, you just ask for one.   Add a comment to the JIRA ticket that it needs a review (which will auto-send an email to -devel), or just email -devel directly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood, and everyone else for that matter, feel free to ask me directly for review, I'm happy to help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes I'm gonna have to head into "lurking" now.  Need to pop over to another mtg shortly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK.  IIRC to advance to "needs code review" a reviewer must be named, which had me a little befuddled.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; recent example: <a href="http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/Dissemination-Crosswalks-tp4661291p4661329.html">http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/Dissemination-Crosswalks-tp4661291p4661329.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace - Devel - Dissemination Crosswalks ] - <a href="http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/Dissemination-Crosswalks-tp4661291p4661329.html">http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/Dissemination-Crosswalks-tp4661291p4661329.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- oh, if that's the case, we might have  a "bug" in the workflow.  It shouldn't require a reviewer to advance to "needs code review"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: I don't think Jira requires that, but now you seeded some doubts into my thinking</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I didn't actually try hitting OK with no reviewer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Needs to run until next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C154B1.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'll explore this some more.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1422">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1422</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [#DS-1422] Duplicate Headers when bitstream has a comma in the title (Chrome) - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1422">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1422</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1422">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1422</a> ] - [#DS-1422] Duplicate Headers when bitstream has a comma in the title (Chrome)  - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: see? no reviewer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue = lurking now.   Feel free to continue discussions though, I can always catch up later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I see.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'd just like to say, for the record, thanks to everyone who worked on a fix for DS-1435, including tdonohue for help with general bug hunting tactics, Andrea for her willingness to set up an Oracle DB, and then write a howto for everyone, and helix84 for backporting the bug fix (and also PeterDietz for putting up with my incessant nagging for help on backporting with Git).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1435">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1435</a> ] - [#DS-1435] DSpace 3.0 Oracle compatibility - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: if you have time to review something, here's the list: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+status+%3D+%22Code+Review+Needed%22">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+status+%3D+%22Code+Review+Needed%22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+status+%3D+%22Code+Review+Needed%22">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+status+%3D+%22Code+Review+Needed%22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: Joao just came online on Skype</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jonathangee (~jonathang@24.222.57.34) Quit (Quit: jonathangee)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jonathangee (~jonathang@24.222.57.34) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jonathangee (~jonathang@24.222.57.34) Quit (Quit: jonathangee)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Later, taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>