<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2013-05-08
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[2:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* fasseg (~fas@HSI-KBW-078-043-007-220.hsi4.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@pdpc/supporter/active/ksclarke) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@pdpc/supporter/active/ksclarke) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@pdpc/supporter/active/ksclarke) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods_ (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods_ is now known as aawoods</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@cm107.eta98.maxonline.com.sg) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@cm107.eta98.maxonline.com.sg) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@cm107.eta98.maxonline.com.sg) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@cm107.eta98.maxonline.com.sg) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@128.146.173.70) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awaterma (~awaterma@200.23.34.33) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* fasseg (~fas@HSI-KBW-078-043-007-220.hsi4.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;awaterma&gt; Hi! I was wondering if anyone on channel could talk to me a bit about the ingestion process and how crosswalks work during ingestion. I can't seem to find deep documentation around the process.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awaterma (~awaterma@200.23.34.33) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* linux4u (~james@employed.library.emory.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bram-atmire (~bram@94-225-35-170.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:39]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger waves</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; seems like the general meeting page said 20 UTC, but today's meeting page said 19UTC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; change the main page into 19UTC?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Developer+Meetings">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Developer+Meetings</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Developer Meetings - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Developer+Meetings">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Developer+Meetings</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; ah my mistake</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; 19 UTC is the JIRA backlog hour</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep. regular mtg still is 20 UTC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; backlog hour in other room</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; I arrived home late and decided to make a meatloaf, already 8.45pm and still need to have that thing 45 minutes in the oven before dinner :/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bram-atmire (~bram@94-225-35-170.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: bram-atmire)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jonathangee (~jonathang@blk-222-249-31.eastlink.ca) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's that time again.  The weekly DSpace Developers Mtg is starting now.  Today's general agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-05-08">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-05-08</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2013-05-08 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-05-08">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-05-08</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; as in recent weeks... we're going to start things off with a few Pull Request reviews</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's our current PRs (oldest first): <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; this week we're starting at #114 : <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/114">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/114</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Adds support for read-only contexts that bypass internal DSO cache by richardrodgers · Pull Request #114 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/114">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/114</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; related to DS-1205</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1205">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1205</a> ] - [#DS-1205] DSpace org.dspace.core.Context caching problem - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~chatzilla@host136-17-dynamic.53-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; both richard and joao tested it and approved it, so i'd say we go ahead</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* l_a_p (~chatzilla@93-63-22-159.ip25.fastwebnet.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Has one independent test.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; looks like hpottinger tested too (in comments of Ds-1205).  So, we only "held back" cause it was a central change (to Context object).  Seems like it should be merged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; merged into "master" that is, for 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; want to do the honors, hpottinger, since you were a tester here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Now is a good time, lots of time to test and (if needed) fix.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; ooh, I get to push the button?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep. push the button &amp; close Ds-1205 :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and mark it fixed for 4.0 .. not 3.2 as it currently states)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along...want to try and get one more PR review in today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; # 116 : <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/116">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/116</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Porting advanced embargo function to JSPUI by zuki · Pull Request #116 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/116">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/116</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; ok, just to be clear, we're talking about merging PR114</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; 116 needs at least one person to look at it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger -- yea...sorry.  Ds-1205 relates to PR #114.   In the comments in Ds-1205, you'll see we already agreed to PR #114 but delayed it cause it changed Context</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; just had to ask because 114 refers to 161</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; other than that, a minor technicality: there was a merge master-&gt;feature beanch done, which doesn't look nice in history, so it could use a rebase</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger -- so, PR #114 can be merged.  And Ds-1205 can be closed &amp; marked fixed for 4.0.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; helix84: would you like to do the honors with the rebase?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: no problem doing a rebase, but i don't think i can properly test it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 116 had two reviews.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: neither joao nor me actually ran the code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: would you be interedted in testing embargo interface for jspui?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; yes, we can test it in the next days</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; can i assign it to you, then?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good.  So, for #116 helix84 will rebase &amp; bollini will help test.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i'll create a ticket and prepare a rebased branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good.  Yes, it does need a JIRA ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i found the ticket :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oh, I see, I was confused, I thought helix84 was suggesting a rebase for PR114</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger:  nope, PR # 114 is "clean"...it's a single commit (actually rather small)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger is gonna push that button right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it's just PR # 116 that's a bit "messy" and needs a rebase.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; this is a good opportunity to test also my pull request for DS-1466</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1466">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1466</a> ] - [#DS-1466] withdrawn and private items are indexed in Solr search - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; #183</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/183">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/183</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1466 private items must be excluded in default discovery search by abollini · Pull Request #183 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/183">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/183</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; so, helix84 please rebase #116, I and l_a_p (he is a collegue from CINECA) will test #116 and DS-1466 (I have reassigned the issue to me)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1466">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1466</a> ] - [#DS-1466] withdrawn and private items are indexed in Solr search - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: i'll do so right away</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. So, we'll close up PR reviews for today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next on the agenda...just a few minor announcements.  Again, signup to attend the OR13 DSpace Developer Mtg (most of you have) if you plan to attend</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, just wanted to note that tomorrow &amp; Fri is the "DSpace 3-5 year Vision" meeting in Chicago (I'll be attending on behalf of the Committers).  Again, this is that high-level vision/roadmap meeting that we've mentioned here several times</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; fyi, PR114 merged, Ds1205 closed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll send you all an email regarding any outcomes / draft vision statements from that meeting (likely get it to you early next week - Mon or Tues)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If you want any more info -- we have our agenda publicly on the DSpace wiki (and notes from the meeting will be written directly on the wiki as well).  Here's that agenda page:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+2013+Vision+and+Roadmap+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+2013+Vision+and+Roadmap+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 2013 Vision and Roadmap Meeting - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+2013+Vision+and+Roadmap+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+2013+Vision+and+Roadmap+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As mentioned, we had to keep the attendee list small..but we tried to get it as "diverse" as we could on short notice.  Any outputs from this meeting will only be a *draft* and will be reviewed by Committers &amp; the DSpace Community in general</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think that's all I had to say... Just trying to be as "transparent" as possible.  If there are questions, I'd be glad to answer.  Obviously we'll discuss the outcomes of this meeting together (it's also on our OR13 Mtg agenda)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hearing no questions... I'm going to move along to next topic for now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up is DSpace 4.0 Planning &amp; Discussions.  As noted on the agenda, we have two Release Team members so far -- hpottinger &amp; mhwood. Thanks to them both (and their bosses/institutions)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We still are looking for more Release Team members though...so, if you are interested, please do get in touch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; even mild interest is acceptible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; definitely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ideally we'd have somewhere between 3-5 folks on the Release Team.  I think for 3.0 we had 4 team members.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; with regards to 4.0, it's also time to start talking about  Release Timelines (when / how), and obviously continue to plan features (what)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We do have a 4.0 Release notes page up already.  It would be good to start capturing on that page what features folks may be working on for 4.0: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+4.0+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+4.0+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 4.0 Notes - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+4.0+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+4.0+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That way we can get a better feel for what is in the "pipeline" and even potentially how we could start to "schedule" things to be merged (if the RT wants to go that route)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, currently on that wiki page, all we really have is a "Wish List": <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+4.0+Notes#DSpaceRelease4.0Notes-WishListforDSpace4.0%28tentative%29">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+4.0+Notes#DSpaceRelease4.0Notes-WishListforDSpace4.0%28tentative%29</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 4.0 Notes - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+4.0+Notes#DSpaceRelease4.0Notes-WishListforDSpace4.0%28tentative%29">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+4.0+Notes#DSpaceRelease4.0Notes-WishListforDSpace4.0%28tentative%29</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; though I know that "wish list" doesn't include a lot of stuff we've brainstormed recently that may (or may not) be something to work towards with 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; things I've heard mentioned with 4.0 include:  REST-API (actually getting one in place),  reworking AuthN/AuthZ to use third party solution, ....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I know there's more...I'm just blanking now :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Time to talk up your favorites.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; AuthZ/N + added bonus of "permissions are weird" general spruce-up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I can add REST API to the "wish list" for 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes...definitely, talk up your favorites everyone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks PeterDietz -- definitely do so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; &amp; hpottinger, if you want to add AuthN/Z notes to "Wish List" that'd be nice too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Currently the only item on the "Wish List" is getting the old "Metadata For All" objects PR updated for 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (PR #12)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; before I add notes, I'll need help getting specific with "permissions are weird" I need ticket numbers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anything else that folks want to add to our 4.0 list?  Something else you may be working on that you hope to have ready for 4.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Turn ConfigurationManager into a shell around ConfigurationService.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; See DS-1390</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I think we should be adding not merely things we wish, but things that are being worked on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1390">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1390</a> ] - [#DS-1390] DSpace has too many configurations - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger:  Some of the "permissions are weird" tickets include: DS-880, DS-476.  There's likely more out there that describe oddities with permissions / authN/AuthZ</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; (i'm pointing at AuthZ/N here)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-880">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-880</a> ] - [#DS-880] Better documentation for permissions - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-476">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-476</a> ] - [#DS-476] READ action - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 -- yea, agreed.  It's not just a "wish list". We do want to make sure someone is volunteering to work on the feature.  But, with AuthN/AuthZ, I've heard mhwood &amp; hpottinger both mention at least an *interest* in investigating something for 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood:  Would love to see DS-1390 happen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1390">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1390</a> ] - [#DS-1390] DSpace has too many configurations - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ok, sorry, I didn't know about that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: did you look at <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/61">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/61</a> ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Enabling Dynamic DSpace Configuration Manager by lyncodev · Pull Request #61 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/61">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/61</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we discussed PR #61 in a meeting a few weeks back (see last comment there)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mdiggory is the only one who really commented on the design</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; it's basically in a limbo waiting for comments</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; looking back 2 weeks (4/24 meeting), at that point it was said that "Lyncode has been working on this idea since then".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I think it's "in limbo" cause no one knows what is the "latest".  Is PR #61 the latest work?  Is there more to know about?  what should we comment on?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yes, wouldn't hurt to check</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; but the call for comments is still open</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, in my opinion, I'd love to see something like PR # 61 happen in 4.0.  But, we need to know what to review...so we can do so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; is the general design something most of us agree on? do we prefer file-based or DB-based storage?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; this is a change that touches every single user and developer, so I'm surprised so little of us have expressed an opinion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Some configuration has complex structure and is simply horrible to work with.  I'm not so sure how that would fit into a DB-backed scheme.  (See the plugin configuration, for example.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm perfectly fine with Configs staying in Files.  I think I mentioned this last time we talked about PR # 61.  Lots of other apps (some Web browsers, IDEs, etc.) still store most of their configs in flat files</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; This is one reason I'm trying to express ConfigurationManager in terms of Configuration Service:  ConfigurationService is injectable, so we can have two (or more) implementations and switch easily.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; My contention is that some of our configuration shouldn't be in DB tables *or* flat files, because it isn't flat or tabular.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood - true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; even if we were to go with DB tables, some configs would *need* to remain in flat files (esp. for example, the DB configs).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think we need to step back and ask:  what's the most useful representation for our configuration (as opposed to the data which embody it).  Then we may find that we need several ways to back different parts.  What we need should guide what we build.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: that part - "minimal config in files is necessary" is clear</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Actually, ignoring the structured-config issue, we could have *no* config in files.  DSpace only critically depends on two things:  "where's my database" and "where are my files"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; what i'm hearing here is a bit contradictory - there were complaints about too many configuration files and OTOH, that we want to keep config in files. Historically, we moved from a single config file to multiple files to make things more clear. See what I mean?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; For what it's worth, my opinion is actually that I don't really care where the majority of the configs are (DB or files).  I'm more interested in being able to change configurations *dynamically* and also be able to *edit/update (most) configs* from some sort of UI.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: yes, that's also Joao's opinion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If you mean my issue title, "too many configurations" means that we have two completely separate managers of configuration data, each reading the files in slightly different ways.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: thanks, that clears it up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; tdonohue: I agree to... dynamically change is the key</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: if we choose to keep cfg in files, do you see us moving to a single configuration format? is that even possible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I doubt it would be comfortable.  It might be *possible*.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There is stuff in Properties format that should be e.g. XML, because it has structure and depth.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 - most configs are in "properties" files.  (unless it's something that unfortunately cannot be described that well in that format...then we use XML)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; or should we just move property=value to DB and keep everything "structured" (+bootstrap cfg) in files?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The simple key=value stuff easily moves into the DB if we wish.  The rest is probably easier to keep in files.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; our configuration files are too complex because we have chosed our custom rappresentation... now we are starting to use spring xml files I think that this is the way to follow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: custom representation? which files in particular?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Using Spring is indeed one way to represent that stuff externally.  Better than to build custom schemas.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; dspace.cfg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; think about the plugin sintax</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; ???  dspace.cfg is serialized Properties.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; and the setting for any single plugin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Oh, I see.  Never mind.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; dspace.cfg is a properties file but we have "our semantics" to process and understand it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I agree there.  That's what I'm thinking about.  Plugins have complex relationships within their configuration.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea...the plugin stuff in dspace.cfg is ugly. I agree.   It works, but it's ugly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sorry, I don't see the problem with dspace.cfg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Try configuring a crosswalk.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; oh, you mean relationships of individual config properties</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; are you sure? have you looked to the browse configuration? how many split and string processing we are doing in the backend to understand the dspace.cfg?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We have things like key = commalist of assignments (and space list of assignments)....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: yes, definitively</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so what would the ideal solution for that be?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 -- we're talking about the plugin/crosswalk/packager configs in dspace.cfg.  They are ugly, e.g.: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace/config/dspace.cfg#L479">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace/config/dspace.cfg#L479</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace/config/dspace.cfg at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace/config/dspace.cfg#L479">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace/config/dspace.cfg#L479</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We have stuff encoded in the keywords, that has to be broken down and matched to parallel sets of keywords....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; plugins/crosswalks/packagers should ideally be configured via Spring or similar, as bollini mentioned.  Those things normally don't need to be touched by "normal users" anyhow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We are bending Properties format until it begs for mercy.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; moving those properties to a structured cfg format or splitting them up even further into more property=value pairs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; moving those properties in a spring xml file (not an our newly structured cfg format)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 - I think you may be looking for a "single config" solution which doesn't exist.  I'd split things up into several areas...  for example:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We could consider doing the simple actually-flat stuff now and putting the harder stuff off.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: agreed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I like minimal configuration file, we should stop to put default configuration in the files (convention over configuration)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; bollini++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: so can we move *all* structured cfg to spring files? or just specific ones like plugin cfg?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: imho in the long run: all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; DSpace should be able to start with no configuration at all.  It couldn't do much other than complain, but it could complain intelligently, tell you what it wants.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i'd agree with having minimal configuration files, but we currently don't have another place where users can see all the options available. Our docs surely fail to keep up with changes to code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood++ as long as it's specific</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 -- If more config settings move to the UI, then the UI can explain each config (just pull the comments from dspace.cfg into the UI)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: we could work towards ensuring that even without stopping to distribute the full configuration file</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: yes, that's how I imagine it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think that bollini's point is:  we should not *depend* on finding the defaults in the config file.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: I agree, see my previous point</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We can still ship the file with commented defaults and lots of explanation.  But DSpace should start even if the config file doesn't exist.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mhwood: yes and not, in some case we already manage default (specially for backward compatibility)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The more administrative UI we can provide to front-end the configuration process, though, the less we have to explain in the file (if there is still a file).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It sounds like (correct me if I'm wrong) we really want to do this in several stages (and not all-at-once).   (1) Make Dynamic Configuration happen (with existing configs mostly as-is in files -- something like PR #61), (2) Build a Config UI on that, (3) Move some/many configs around to more logical places (Spring, or even DB or whatever), (4) See if we can get DSpace to start without any major configs (convention over configurati</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mhwood: ok, full configuration files can be provided but we should promote minimal configuration. So we should provide as default a dspace.cfg with only db setting and main directory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; the main point being, we don't need to do everything at once...we can "stage" this out and keep improving it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: yes, and (4) can be worked on right now, in parallel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; right..actually several of those may be possible to do "in parallel".  Ignore the numbering..that's not implying they need to be done in sequence :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So is there still a place for consolidating the existing setup?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: what do you mean by consilidating?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood - not sure I understand that question? can you explain?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes we are obviously in "overtime" here.  Great discussion though...so I'm gonna let this all continue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; ConfigurationService actually reads the Properties files.  ConfigurationManager asks ConfigurationService for values to pass back to its callers.  One object, not two, managing configuration.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; When we have another way of backing the config, inject that implementation instead of the current one.  ConfigurationManager never changes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think no matter *what* we do...we still need your DS-1390 idea of consolidating everything into ConfigurationService</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1390">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1390</a> ] - [#DS-1390] DSpace has too many configurations - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I think it is complementary to the issue of how configuration is actually stored.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yes, exactly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And that it should simplify the evolution of the configuration store.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'd say yes, but I know the implementation only superficially. But you may really want to look at the code of PR #61 to see what is suggested here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I plan to.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I have only a concern about the configuration service, initialization time for the ConfigurationService and the ConfigurationManager are different</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* l_a_p (~chatzilla@93-63-22-159.ip25.fastwebnet.it) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I have had use case where the configuration service was not yet fully initialized and I was forced to use the ConfigurationManager</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PR #61 looks to only modify ConfigurationManager... doesn't look to touch ConfigurationService</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini - yea, that would likely be part of moving things over to ConfigurationService.  We'd need to ensure that the initialization times of each are identical.  If I recall correctly, mdiggory has mentioned this as a problem in ConfigurationService as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I've gotta head out of here shortly.  It's been a good discussion today though.  Sounds like we have some ideas around Configuration improvements, but we should bring this back to PR #61 (and Ds-1390 as well)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Please email me any details, or log them in Jira, and I will look into that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I need to leave now too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Details of the timing issue, that is.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: I wish I had the details -- I just have a vague memory of mdiggory mentioning a possible issue there.  Hopefully bollini has more details on the timing issue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Please, anything would help.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I will try to formalize and send a note to the mailing list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thank you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 'bye, all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I need to leave too... thanks to all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: oh, mdiggory makes a vague mention at the end of this comment: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/61#issuecomment-8115317">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/61#issuecomment-8115317</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Enabling Dynamic DSpace Configuration Manager by lyncodev · Pull Request #61 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/61#issuecomment-8115317">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/61#issuecomment-8115317</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (~chatzilla@host136-17-dynamic.53-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) Quit (Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.90 [Firefox 20.0.1/20130409194949])</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDie_ (~peterdiet@dhcp-140-254-148-230.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@128.146.173.70) Quit (Ping timeout: 248 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDie_ (~peterdiet@dhcp-140-254-148-230.osuwireless.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 268 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@pdpc/supporter/active/ksclarke) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@pdpc/supporter/active/ksclarke) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@pdpc/supporter/active/ksclarke) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@pdpc/supporter/active/ksclarke) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>