<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2013-07-17
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* edInCo (~edInCo@seta.coalliance.org) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@c-24-118-24-43.hsd1.mn.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@c-24-118-24-43.hsd1.mn.comcast.net) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* edInCo (~edInCo@174.51.171.25) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDie_ (~peterdiet@128.146.173.70) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@128.146.173.70) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* edInCo (~edInCo@174.51.171.25) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-moorcock.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-moorcock.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-moorcock.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-moorcock.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* edInCo (~edInCo@c-174-51-171-25.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@75-149-149-10-Minnesota.hfc.comcastbusiness.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@75-149-149-10-Minnesota.hfc.comcastbusiness.net) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hilton (~chatzilla@197.79.8.131) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hilton (~chatzilla@197.79.8.131) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* edInCo (~edInCo@c-174-51-171-25.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* edInCo (~edInCo@seta.coalliance.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* l_a_p (~chatzilla@93-63-19-177.ip25.fastwebnet.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamatis (6df285ec@gateway/web/freenode/ip.109.242.133.236) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pdurbin (~pdurbin@server1.greptilian.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~chatzilla@host206-210-dynamic.37-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all. Welcome to the weekly DSpace Developers Mtg (back from OR13!).  Our agenda for today: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-07-17">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-07-17</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2013-07-17 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-07-17">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-07-17</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll kick things off with a few Pull Request reviews (as we have skipped these the last few weeks)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; here's the pulls, ordered oldest first: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we left off at #192: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/192">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/192</a>  (related to DS-1164)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1164 ensuring that UTF-8 encoding gets enforced by bram-atmire · Pull Request #192 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/192">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/192</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1164">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1164</a> ] - [#DS-1164] XML InputStream is created using a platform-specific character encoding - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmm...this seems like a tiny obvious fix we should just merge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I agree with Bram:  simple and straightforward.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; IIRC, there were many more instances of this call</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yep, there are 48</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, I see... yea, that's noted in the comments of DS-1164</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1164">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1164</a> ] - [#DS-1164] XML InputStream is created using a platform-specific character encoding - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ah, now I see the ticket discussion.  Maybe this is not complete yet?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, this sounds like we should just note to Bram that the direction seems good, but the pull needs more work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I don't know, it needs someone who understands what's going on there :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I don't even know how to test it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hmmm.  Shouldn't an XML document *say* what its encoding is?  &lt;?xml encoding='UTF8'?&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll add a comment to the PR for Bram and link to these logs.  I agree, not sure how to test it, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; "Because each XML entity not accompanied by external encoding information and not in UTF-8 or UTF-16 encoding must begin with an XML encoding declaration..."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, comment added to PR #192</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next PR is #195: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/195">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/195</a> (DS-1089)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1089 Feedback form breaks when hostname is short by helix84 · Pull Request #195 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/195">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/195</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1089">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1089</a> ] - [#DS-1089] Feedback form breaks when hostname is short - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* pdurbin hopes we get to <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/224">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/224</a> or <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/229">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/229</a> (SWORD stuff) :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1554 redefine hardcoded SWORD upload dir (3.x) by helix84 · Pull Request #224 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/224">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/224</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Updated SWORDv2 module by richard-jones · Pull Request #229 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/229">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/229</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Looks like maybe agreement that this needs more thought?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i completely forgot about this one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i'll have to test it again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PR #195 definitely has a lot of discussion going on..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, so, helix84 do you want to take lead on 195 then?  Just not sure where else to leave this one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I hope I'll have time for that, but if someone wants to take initiative, even better (mark? wink wink)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pdurbin: since you are here &amp; interested, we can likely take a moment to look at those two SWORD PRs (once we are done with this one).  one is tiny, the other one we are "working on"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'll look into it further, yes, since I've been making noise about it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pdurbin&gt; tdonohue: awesome. thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks mhwood.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: if you know how to write tests for that, that would help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, by pdurbin's request, let's glance at PR #224 : <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/224">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/224</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1554 redefine hardcoded SWORD upload dir (3.x) by helix84 · Pull Request #224 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/224">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/224</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Not sure I know how to write tests at all :-), but will see.  Making a note of that....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Ds-1554 _this_ one should be straightforward :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pdurbin&gt; tdonohue: I think I'm the only one using <a href="https://github.com/swordapp/JavaServer2.0">https://github.com/swordapp/JavaServer2.0</a> ... at least according to <a href="http://www.mail-archive.com/sword-app-tech@lists.sourceforge.net/msg00310.html">http://www.mail-archive.com/sword-app-tech@lists.sourceforge.net/msg00310.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ swordapp/JavaServer2.0 · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/swordapp/JavaServer2.0">https://github.com/swordapp/JavaServer2.0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Re: [sword-app-tech] JavaServer2.0 and JavaClient2.0	from	<a href="https://github.com/swordapp">https://github.com/swordapp</a> ] - <a href="http://www.mail-archive.com/sword-app-tech@lists.sourceforge.net/msg00310.html">http://www.mail-archive.com/sword-app-tech@lists.sourceforge.net/msg00310.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PR #224 / DS-1554 to me seems like a rather obvious fix.   That config shouldn't be hardcoded</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1554">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1554</a> ] - [#DS-1554] swordv2-server.cfg not updated during build process - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I agree.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and it also seems like something to fix both on dspace-3.x branch and master branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; push the button and i'll backport it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks helix84!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pdurbin&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/229">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/229</a> is the one that affects the <a href="https://github.com/swordapp/JavaServer2.0">https://github.com/swordapp/JavaServer2.0</a> library I'm using (it would seem) ... I'm interested in anything that pushes along development of the upstream library</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Updated SWORDv2 module by richard-jones · Pull Request #229 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/229">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/229</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ swordapp/JavaServer2.0 · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/swordapp/JavaServer2.0">https://github.com/swordapp/JavaServer2.0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; was getting to that one next, pdurbin :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pdurbin&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; pdurbin: for the record I'm not ignoring you, I just don't know what that's about ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Regarding Pull #229, it's "unmergeable" at this time.  I've talked to Richard Jones recently (both last week at OR13 conference, and at an IRC meeting like this a few weeks back)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pdurbin&gt; unmergeable? d'oh!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think PeterDie_ was going to chip in with some Git "magic"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Essentially, Richard Jones has requested some help "refactoring" (rebasing) Pull #229... currently it accidentally reverts several major changes in the DSpace codebase (as he built the PR based on DSpace 1.8.x)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDie_&gt; ooh, hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; #224 merged.  It's on 3_x already so it needs to be *forward*-ported.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Hi, Peter, something about subtree merges, and a whole bunch of hand waving :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: thanks, I'm on it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The plan (as far as I'm aware) is that PR #229 should be *fixed* before Dspace 4.0 release (later this year).  But, it needs some "love" still before we can let it be merged (otherwise it's gonna break a lot of our code)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDie_&gt; yeah. To simplify development, Richard copy/pasted swordv2 into a new repository, so it just sort of starts and its a big diff.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pdurbin&gt; tdonohue: hmm, but the upstream SWORD library... maybe it could see some development, right? ... shouldn't affect your code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDie_&gt; Its not un-mergeable. It just ended up as a giant diff. It has some issues that should get cleaned up, since he did it off of 1.8.x, and he's trying to commit it to 4.x/4.snapshot</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDie_ : Just to clarify...are you planning to help Richard with cleaning it up?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDie_ : I didn't mean "unmergeable" in that it cannot be merged... I actually meant "unmergeable" in that it *should not* be merged as-is, as it will break our codebase :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDie_&gt; I watched the presentation last week on swordv2-dspace, and I was able to follow along enough to know that if someone wanted to use sword2 with DSpace, Richard Jones probably knew the most about it. So I can't quite review the sword-worthyness of the commit (i.e. does this meet the swordv2 spec)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDie_&gt; But I can help clean up the git history, and try to reject things that are unintended consequences. So yes, I will work on this PR to get it in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't think Richard is asking for someone to review the "sword-worthyness".  He just needs help with git cleanup. :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I thought richard already forward-ported this. I'll have to re-check.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks PeterDie_! (aka PeterDietz)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pdurbin&gt; tdonohue: right, Richard being the SWORD spec lead and all :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: no, not that I'm aware.  Richard Jones was still asking for help on it last week at OR13... I told him we'd get him help (likely either Peter or I)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDie_&gt; I did an attempt at some git magic, in which I expanded his two commit change, and pulled in something from nyo. The result is at: <a href="https://github.com/peterdietz/DSpace/commits/swordv2-update">https://github.com/peterdietz/DSpace/commits/swordv2-update</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Commits · peterdietz/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/peterdietz/DSpace/commits/swordv2-update">https://github.com/peterdietz/DSpace/commits/swordv2-update</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ok, my bad (memory check error)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDie_&gt; I don't know if its any better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pdurbin: yep, Richard is the SWORD lead.  He's also a (long-time) DSpace Committer.  So, he's in both worlds</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, likely time to move along to actual meeting topics :)  I think we've done enough of the PRs for today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pdurbin&gt; tdonohue: thanks again!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no prob, pdurbin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, first off...just wanted to review OR13 (and our Developers Meeting) for any "takeaways" / action items</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Our OR13 Devel Mtg notes are at <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QzrmHDvpJlpsVo6e8tJvWk2rXZm1p_F3TaUcEKIeODU/edit">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QzrmHDvpJlpsVo6e8tJvWk2rXZm1p_F3TaUcEKIeODU/edit</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Developers/ DCAT Meeting OR2013 - Notes - Google Drive ] - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QzrmHDvpJlpsVo6e8tJvWk2rXZm1p_F3TaUcEKIeODU/edit">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QzrmHDvpJlpsVo6e8tJvWk2rXZm1p_F3TaUcEKIeODU/edit</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDie_&gt; REST is still unfinished business</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Though, I feel a lot better about where REST is right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, REST is still "unfinished" but it seemed (to me at least) that we made a little headway on possible directions.... namely the idea to work towards a spec and then see what "fits" best (something we already have? something quick to build?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDie_&gt; I've found the discussion on metadata actually very interesting. (I missed the hierarchical metadata talk due to time conflict with sword2). i.e. I would love some type of Person/Author registry within DSpace, and the heirarchical metadata. Being able to know a person as person:1234, and then to lookup person[1234] and get fullName or get their orcid or linkedin, etc depending on what has been linked</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I hope the REST Team still keeps pushing at that...  It'd be great to have *something* (even basic/beta-level) in 4.0 if it's possible, but I understand if we don't have enough time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; PeterDie_: I wouldn't call that hierarchical metadata. That is addressed partially by metadata for all (metadata for other objects than items) and relations between objects (which we don't have, but see dspace-cris)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; from my understanding (talking to Val this week) DCAT felt they got a lot of great feedback on the improved metadata support initiative, and they seem energized to keep moving it forward / find ways to make small steps in that direction</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yay!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; good to hear that, I was afraid the feedback might have been discouraging</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDie_&gt; I'm tempted to propose putting in one of the existing API's into 4.0, and then whatever we implement in the future (i.e. Jersey), can honor the uri endpoints (i.e. /collection/1234, /community/12, ...) and it can add its own /author/Albert+Einstein</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, it may be that we'll want to find a time or meeting (in coming weeks or so) to talk more with DCAT members around perceived next steps, and see how we can get more involved</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; PeterDie_: I'd support that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; PeterDie_++.  We need a decision more than we need immediate perfection.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDie_: I'm completely OK with that, as long as there's some general agreement (just even amongst the "REST Team") that the URI endpoints seem "good enough" for a start</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I've got a list of features I'd like to see make it into 4.0, which I expanded a bit during the discussion at the OR13 developers meeting (so I have names of people who chimed in about certain features), should I just copy/paste that to the Dev Meeting notes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds like a "general consensus" here that it sounds good, as long as REST Team gives it their "initial blessing" :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I just wanted to note that I percieve those two discussions as rather independent. The DCAT discussion is about standardization without changing the current flat "schema". metadata for all and dspace-cris is much more pioneering work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: please, do. i actually wanted to ask about such list.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: feel free to copy into Dev Mtg notes, or just link Dev Mtg notes over to our 4.0 Release Notes page -- and add them there.  Eventually possible features should get over to 4.0 release notes as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; There's one piece of dspace-cris I think would be immediately useful for DSpace, the integration with publisher metadata APIs to pull in existing metadata, which bollini demonstrated, looked slick, and frankly, my repository managers want that like yesterday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, cleanup of our "dc" namespace, metadata for all, and enriching the metadata format support can proceed separately.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Hmm... looking at these notes, they're a bit sketchy.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; hpottinger: the integration with publisher metadata APIs is not actually part of dspace-cris... we have an "old" pull request that is just for dspace. DSpace-CRIS will help for further improvements, the automatic scanning, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; bollini: have a PR number for me?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i can't seem to find it, either: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls/abollini">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls/abollini</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls/abollini">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls/abollini</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/78">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/78</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1252 Initial contribution: (JSP)UI Import from bibliographics database/formats by abollini · Pull Request #78 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/78">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/78</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 needs glasses</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think we all should look closer at dspace-cris (as a group), and start to think about whether there are parts worth adding into a future version of DSpace.  I know dspace-cris is already moving in directions that discussions in the USA around the "SHARE" proposal  (also mentioned at OR13) may eventually go.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; specific to the metadata discussion, I have down that tdonohue and Richard Jones said they'd work together on building a mapping tool for Phase One of the DCAT metadata changes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; hpottinger: it was related to the "first" version of the importer with a basic not interactive UI for batch import</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yea, I vaguely remember volunteering for that ;)   I haven't had a chance to chat with the DCAT folks yet about what that means, but plan to.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: how does this BibTeX import relate to the BTE importer?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; hpottinger: the version that I have presented at OR is a very big refactoring and I'm not sure that I will be able to contribute it for 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; bollini: how can I help?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: I know you reviewed the EKT work. Is this completely separate?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: yes it is...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I also see an old library being used there - javabib 20040801 - which is not necessarily a problem, but it raises a flag (we already have another importer, do we want to use another library that is potentially unmaintained?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, out of OR13, I know we also didn't have a chance to revisit the ideas around "empowering individuals / small teams to work more rapidly".  So that may be a topic to touch on in a future meeting, though I think we already have a good example of the "REST Team" being such a small, trusted team</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: we have used a very simple bibtex parsing library to take care of its, honestly I don't know about how it compares to the EKT importer (I haven't reviewed this specific contribution)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; no problem, my question pertains only to one of the imported types, the rest is still very interesting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and I'd encourage other "small teams" to form as we need them to tackle new features / brainstorm ideas.  Not everything needs to flow through the Committers, but obviously it'd be good to have (a few) Committers involved in such teams.  I'll leave it at that for now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; helix84: right, anyway I'm also think that we should rely on a single library as far as possible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So...noticing we are running short on time, and I think we really need to make sure to talk about the pending 3.2 release today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; honestly, tdonohue, I think if any team wants to self-form, and do their thing, bringing their work to the group for approval later... that's just an extension of how we already work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hopefully they will bring their work out sooner rather than later....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: apart from that, it needs some tiny changes as joao pointed out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 hpottinger : I agree. Just wanted it to "be known" that I &amp; DuraSpace support this idea.  And I also agree with mhwood that these "small teams" should try and still be transparent in their work, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I hate to jump the discussion quickly away from OR13 outcomes -- which I'm sure we could continue discussing for some time.  But, it might be good to switch over to 3.2 for a bit...just to try and get it "scheduled", etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; What we need is that it be seen as normal that teams should form around projects where appropriate, as they see the need, and that it's normal to show work in progress to get early feedback.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, 3.2.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I have on my calendar that we will put out 3.2 on Friday, I also have promised to help someone move on Friday afternoon, so I'm hoping, if I am going to pull the lever on 3.2, that we're going to put it out in the morning</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; though, someone else is welcome to put out the release, it's fun :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: Fri morning is fine with me as well.  We may want to have a "backup" in case things take longer than expected and you have to depart before they are finished (doubtful, but just to "be safe")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd be willing to help draft up the announcement to the community about the release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, and we also need to do the "backport" releases (1.8.3 and 1.7.3).  I've cleaned up both branches, so they *should be* releaseable (I did some basic testing including a "dry run release" on each).  Just a matter of backporting the commit and releasing those as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone else what to join the release fun with hpottinger &amp; I on friday?  I'm sure we'll be just hanging out in #dspace working on it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Oh, yeah, I *do* need to finish those backports</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: I'd really appreciate getting the OAI fix in also</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; are they possible to finish / have ready by Friday?  Just want to be sure that this is still all doable by then.  If it isn't, we don't need to rush it...but we really should get this release(s) out either this week or next</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: that was the one which also brought one small new feature with it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; it turned out hard to decouple them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: OAI fix? gonna need to refresh my memory more..have some vague recollections here. Have a PR# or JIRA ticket?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/219">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/219</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1479 : Oai with custom descriptions by lyncodev · Pull Request #219 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/219">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/219</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and remember, I'm not the "official decider" :)  If it's something we need approved, we can try and discuss it quickly now to approve it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; well, the release team is here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, yea, I recall PR #219 now.  I remember my only concern was that it added a *new* config setting (to oai.cfg).  But, Joao clarified that things will still work fine if that config setting is missing...so, it's not *required* to add that new config.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; actually the RT doesn't officially decide on release branches</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; can we just have a vote?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and it fixes DS-1479</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1479">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1479</a> ] - [#DS-1479] In OAI-PMH &amp;quot;Identify&amp;quot; response, the &amp;lt;description&amp;gt; is no longer configurable - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, we can just have a vote.  That's what I was suggesting / implying.  We could vote it in now, as long as there's no objections</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; there's a dspace-commit thread about that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; me, hpottinger, tdonohue already agreed to it after clarifications</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; no objections so far</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It is in a "somewhat grey" area between bug fix &amp; improvement, as it adds a new config setting (which we normally don't do in "x.2" releases).  But, since the config setting isn't required, I think it sounds fine to me (assuming no one else objects)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Okay by me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; if I remember correctly (I don't use xoai yet) the released version just not work (at all or for many use cases) so it should be just fine to release an upgrade. The really upgrade here is not the dspace pull request but the xoai version upgrade</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; +1, for the record</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; bollini: you're right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; so... +1 too :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds like consensus.  So, we just need someone to merge it into master &amp; dspace-3.x branches</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'll do it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks helix84</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; there's also one more oai bug fix, which seems without problems</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger notes that everyone managed to duck out of volunteering to back him up on Friday...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: we're getting really good at ducking ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, regarding 3.2 &amp; all these last minute things:  Do we all think Fri is still doable?  do we need to rethink that / aim more for early next week?  Any other volunteers to help for hpottinger &amp; I?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; the OAI changes are going in today, no delays by me!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I'm just not able to help for 3.2 not this Fri nor the next week...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Argh, sorry, I'm out of town tomorrow and Friday.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I have the backport ready for 1.7 and 1.8, just need to finish up, can try to do tonight, but, yeah, the time line might be too short, if we want to do any testing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmm... so from the sounds of it, it's just hpottinger &amp; I.  hpottinger, what do you think?  I'm not sure I can help with "backporting" to 1.7.x/1.8.x.  But, I can provide support in the release process &amp; also write the announcement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok..I hear some hesitation in hpottinger's words.  Makes me suspect that early next week would be better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next week, I'd be available to help Tues or Weds.  Mon afternoon could work too.  Mon morning is too packed for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; how about we declare Friday as the last day that any of the release branches can change, and then we test on Monday?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; then we can aim to release either Mon afternoon or Tues, perhaps?  Send out the announcements likely on Tues (once all has propagated)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds okay but would not like to see it slip further.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Tuesday afternoon looks better on my schedule</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I must go.  Thanks, all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree, I don't want this to slip further.  Tues afternoon is fine, hpottinger, if that's what works best for you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I can be available Tues for support and make sure we have announcement ready to go</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; show starts in #dspace at 2pm CDT (7 UTC, I think, if my math is correct)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; actually, that's 19 UTC, isn't it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2pm CDT = 3pm EDT = 19:00 UTC :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, yes...let's start the show Tues, 7/23 @ 19:00 UTC in #dspace .  Anyone who can join us / help out, please feel free!  Extra help/support would be appreciated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Release Procedure - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think that's it for today, and we're well over time here.  So, I'm not going to call any other agenda items.  We'll leave everything else for next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; as we are already overtime, I want just try to fastly get back to the 4.0 timelines... at CINECA we are planning about which contributions are we able to share for 4.0 and it is essentially for us to know if the feature freeze can be postponed  to the end of October (for 3.0 was August), the release should go at the end of November or December. Is it reasonable?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and hpottinger, if you need extra support/help/eyes along the way towards 3.2/1.8.3/1.7.3, please ask on dspace-commit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; <a href="http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?iso=20130723T19">http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?iso=20130723T19</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Event Time Announcer ] - <a href="http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?iso=20130723T19">http://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/fixedtime.html?iso=20130723T19</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure#ReleaseProcedure-Prerequisites">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure#ReleaseProcedure-Prerequisites</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Release Procedure - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure#ReleaseProcedure-Prerequisites">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure#ReleaseProcedure-Prerequisites</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'm not on RT, just my 2c: we have relatively few new features so far, so IMHO it makes sense to wait for larger features</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; bollini, we can discuss timelines on the dspace-release mail list if you wish, the last few times we've just looked at the timeline front he previous year and adjusted it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok, I will send an email to the dspace-release mail list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I really think that we should formalize a 4.0 timelines and not rely on the past 3.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and bollini, if you want to just pick your preferred timelines and use that as a place to start discussion, I don't think anyone would object</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt;  I will mention that with 1.7.0, we did have a later "feature freeze" (Oct 22).  It worked out, but it caused the final release to not happen until Dec 17 (which was just before Christmas holiday).  I recall there being some complaints back then about having a release so late in December <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.7.0+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.7.0+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 1.7.0 Notes - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.7.0+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.7.0+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I agree, probably best to bring this discussion to the 'dspace-release' mailing list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok good. Keep in touch on the mailing list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; speaking of dspace-release mail list, it's an open mail list, so sign up if you want to participate in the nitty-gritty discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 hpottinger : yes, all please do join dspace-release (if interested).  It's mostly "inactive" until we get to releases when it "comes alive" with discussions :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I must go. bye!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (~chatzilla@host206-210-dynamic.37-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) Quit (Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.90.1 [Firefox 22.0/20130618035212])</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/dspace-release">https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/dspace-release</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Dspace-release Info Page ] - <a href="https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/dspace-release">https://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/dspace-release</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; meeting is adjourned (obviously).  I'm still around for a bit if there's "unofficial" things to talk about though...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; just noting that both OAI fixes are on both master and dspace-3_x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pdurbin&gt; I'm just happy we talked about SWORD :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* l_a_p (~chatzilla@93-63-19-177.ip25.fastwebnet.it) Quit (Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.90 [Firefox 22.0/20130618035212])</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; pdurbin: :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; pdurbin: if you want to put your git-fu to test, feel free to forward port-it to master and submit a PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; pdurbin: I believe nothing else stands in its way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: I just noticed a small issue at Bamboo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: quick question around PR # 224 (which you wrote but mhwood merged).  Does this fix DS-1554?  It looks like there's another PR (#225) linked to Ds-1554 as well... not sure if we need to split this ticket to detail what fix is in 3.2 and what may go in 4.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: if you hover over a commit, the tooltip says Why: %B</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1554">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1554</a> ] - [#DS-1554] swordv2-server.cfg not updated during build process - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: yea, aware of that Bamboo bug.  It's a bug in Bamboo itself, and will be fixed when we next upgrade (actually planned for this week or next, depending on when I find time)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: oh, I forgot about that one. 225 also takes care of the case when the config property is not defined.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: thanks for noticing. I'll use the 225 fix instead.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pdurbin&gt; helix84: I guess I'm still curious about "In order to use this module, we also need to push a new version of the Java Server library for SWORDv2 into the central maven repo" ... is there a commit somewhere for that new version of the common library? Last commit to the common library was 5 months ago but the dspace pull 229 is only a month old</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, helix84.  Just checking.  once you've cleaned it up, just ensure Ds-1554 gets closed/marked appropriately :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; pdurbin: it would be best to ask richard directly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pdurbin&gt; helix84: sure. makes sense. maybe I'll ask on the sword mailing list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamatis (6df285ec@gateway/web/freenode/ip.109.242.133.236) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; all done now, PR 225 is on master</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; good night</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDie_ (~peterdiet@128.146.173.70) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* edInCo (~edInCo@seta.coalliance.org) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* edInCo (~edInCo@174.51.171.25) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@d60-65-80-138.col.wideopenwest.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@d60-65-80-138.col.wideopenwest.com) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@d60-65-80-138.col.wideopenwest.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@d60-65-80-138.col.wideopenwest.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 268 seconds)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>