<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2014-05-07
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* trmurakami (c890d2f8@gateway/web/freenode/ip.200.144.210.248) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Meeting.  Today's agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-05-07">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-05-07</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-05-07 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-05-07">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-05-07</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Starting off with a few general announcements/reminders...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; if you are going to be at OR14 in Helsinki, reminder we are having a DSpace Developers face-to-face meeting on Monday morning.  Please signup at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-06-09 - OR14 Meeting - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-09+-+OR14+Meeting</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, for Committers. I'm still looking for a few good DSpace 5.0 Release Team members!  Haven't heard much, and am going to start "virtually knocking on doors" soon. I think we only have one team member so far</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (Just a reminder that the 5.0 Release Team role is not all that "hard" or time consuming.  Plus, it looks great on your CV/resume and it gives you &amp; your institution more control over what gets into 5.0)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case...that's it for the official announcements :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; It's really not hard at all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, and I forgot to mention. If anyone has agenda topics for the OR14 DSpace Developers face-to-face meeting, you are welcome to add them to the list of "possible topics" (on the above wiki page)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving on.. I'll admit, today's agenda is a bit "light" on details.  Mostly, I just wanted to check in on recently talked about bug-fix releases (3.3 and 4.2), and then see what else we'd like to chat about :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I must admit that I've been distracted and have not got 3.3 pulled together yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; a while back I took the 4.0 release schedule and overlayed it on a 2014 calendar, so I'd have ballpark dates for things</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: do you want to get that posted on our 5.0 timeline (just for some ballpark dates)?  Would like to have *something* to go on at OR14, since I know folks will ask</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: understandable. To be honest, I sorta feel like both 3.3 &amp; 4.2 are "stalled"... but then again, our committer meeting attendance has been rather low as of late (except for the "Let's Talk Features" meetings, which seem well attended)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; can do, and let me know if you need help "knocking on doors" no way am I doing this RT thing all on my own :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: feel free to "knock on doors" (so yes, it'd be nice to have your help, if you are willing) ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, one of the big questions on my mind is: Where are many of the Committers these days?  Beginning to feel like these meetings are mostly a meeting of 3-4 (myself, mhwood, hpottinger and occasionally PeterDietz)... perhaps that's a topic I need to bring up at OR14 if not before.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; re: 4.2 I'm in the same boat as mhwood is with 3.3, I do want to test DS-1906, with the hope of getting it into 4.2, but the staging server I'd use for testing I'm supposed to be migrating to a new location... so... working that dependency right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1906">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1906</a> ] - [DS-1906] Shibboleth attributes may need to be reconverted - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (sorry to be so blunt here...I know it's a logged channel...just noting the obvious)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we did talk about changing the meeting times, and I'll note that the folks that changed meeting time would help don't appear to be here right now...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, I don't fault either of you on 3.3 or 4.2 delays. I guess my only advice is to "chip away at it".  I'll send a note to -commit to see if we can get some more interest/help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* edInCo (~smuxi@seta.coalliance.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* trmurakami (c890d2f8@gateway/web/freenode/ip.200.144.210.248) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yep, I realize. Maybe it's just worth changing one of the times to see what happens.  I just never got much of any feedback from anyone who said they'd attend an "earlier" meeting :/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll see if I cannot get some more discussion on -commit going on...not really sure what the main difficulty is here.  Could even just be an "everyone is swamped/busy right now" sort of thing, not sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sorry to take this whole thing a bit off topic...just needing to bounce a few ideas/thoughts around :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; regarding 3.3 and 4.2 though...I think we put out some calls for participation to the committers...see if we can start to wrap things up (as best we can) prior to OR14, if possible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sure.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is there anything else specific anyone would like to bring up (about 3.3 or 4.2 or even brainstorming 5.0) to chat though?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; timeline goes here? <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 5.0 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~textual@rrcs-24-142-191-238.central.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One thing to mention briefly... I'm attending the first official "face-to-face" DSpace Steering Group meeting in Indianapolis (in mhwood's neck of woods) tomorrow &amp; Fri. So, I'll report out based on what is discussed there, etc. (most of it is prep for what to talk about at OR14 regarding Vision work and how to organize Governance)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yep, that's where the timeline goes!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Oh, welcome to Indy!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, I'll be coming in on a whirlwind tour (just there from about noon tomorrow to noon on Fri) :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~textual@rrcs-24-142-191-238.central.biz.rr.com) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~textual@rrcs-24-142-191-238.central.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and there's, PeterDietz ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Hi All, sorry, Had some things come up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Very minor update, since I've had to fresh-install on an ubuntu, and OSX, I've been updating the unofficial install guide</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no problem. We're basically to an "open agenda" at this point. If there's anything anyone wants to discuss, throw it out there :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz: nice.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; This would be the OSX one. <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=55904164">https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=55904164</a> I haven't actually transfer the ubuntu guide to confluence.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Install DSpace on OSX (2014) - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=55904164">https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=55904164</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 5.0 timeline updated, now with extra vague release date :-) <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 5.0 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Another thing I've been working on this past week, is for request-a-copy for non-OA things (i.e. embargo). Around introducing some type of help-desk feature, where instead of the original author getting the request, the repo-admin gets it. The next step is to add a "contact author" button, and a "contact requester" button.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; mhwood has already once'd-over the help-desk half of it. Thanks for the review.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I did?  Maybe I can remember....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; PRs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Oh, yes, it's coming back to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Maybe a naive question: Should that be "contact depositor" instead of "contact author"?  How does one really contact the author *unless* they are the depositor?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; beyond that though, I like the idea, honestly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Right, so thats where the helpdesk concept was conceived. Since depositor could likely be some content-ingest team, they aren't guaranteed to connect to author</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; gotcha. yea, I like that aspect of it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; abolini added something where you can add an email address to a real author</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; The helpdesk idea, from the people we've been chatting with said the helpdesk is good, since these librarian folk might have to do some leg-work to track down an author. i.e. (1) ePerson.email, (2) Lookup Author in University Faculty Directory.email, (3) Lookup author, send them snail mail if neccessary.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I don't want to build a full-blown track-the-author app, but a simple page with buttons that help you send out emails to relevant peeps</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Right. Yea, the helpdesk idea sounds much more reasonable to me, because as you stated, they likely will have access to resources to manually lookup the author contact info.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it sounds like a great idea to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other works in progress folks want to talk about?  Or brainstorms?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I wonder if this simple page with buttons could be made to utilize the forthcoming "authority cache" that @mire is building for the ORCID integration?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1945">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1945</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-1945] Allow override so helpdesk can receive all Request Copy emails instead of submitter - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1945">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1945</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1945">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1945</a> ] - [DS-1945] Allow override so helpdesk can receive all Request Copy emails instead of submitter - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; One brainstorm would be for the creation of a DSoC. Duraspace Summer of Code. Hire some eager open-source-enthusiast students to attack the PR queue, and give love-and-feeding to lost PR's (i.e. go the extra mile to bridge a joe-contributor hard-coded-approach contribution, to be i18n/tested/Spring DI/etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/530">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/530</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1945 RequestItem to have Helpdesk be contacted instead of author by peterdietz · Pull Request #530 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/530">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/530</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; i.e. There are two implementations of CAS Auth, ideally, one becomes the victor, and gets merged in. I'm not keen as to where they're at though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Actually one is CAS 2 and the other is CAS 3, I think.  So we may need both.  And one of them is languishing because I haven't gotten back to it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; turn these students loose with this: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1980?filter=12102">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1980?filter=12102</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1980">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1980</a> ] - [DS-1980] &amp;quot;Private&amp;quot; Items should include a &amp;quot;noindex&amp;quot; meta tag in the HTML - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1980?filter=12102">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1980?filter=12102</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; (CAS at IU has been incompatible with stock CAS, so I have to do my own setup.  They are promising a new, compatible release RSN.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; this link might be better: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=labels+%3D+low_hanging_fruit">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=labels+%3D+low_hanging_fruit</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=labels+%3D+low_hanging_fruit">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=labels+%3D+low_hanging_fruit</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Further, I would be interested in some type of "getting started with DSpace &lt;x&gt;", where &lt; x &gt; is one of development, administration, JUnit Testing.. Mainly, I don't know how to convert my zero-test-coverage module, into a tested module. i.e. Where do I begin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; A DuraSpace Summer of Code is a nice brainstorm. The only issue is finding ways to staff the organization of it...and if we were actually *paying* students, we'd need to find the funding (which would likely need approval of our DSpace Steering Group, since they now control the DSpace "purse strings")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (by "staff the organization of it", I really just mean that it sounds like a bit of work to advertise, recruit students, select students, etc.. So, we'd need to figure out a way to make that happen)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One of the big advantages of Google Summer of Code is that Google really does all the organization legwork...all we have to do is try to attract students and then select them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz: I completely agree on the "Getting started with DSpace &lt;x&gt;" idea...sounds great. Just need to find folks to help document those various parts, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we could bootstrap it: <a href="https://www.bountysource.com/">https://www.bountysource.com/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Bountysource ] - <a href="https://www.bountysource.com/">https://www.bountysource.com/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, if we could leverage something like bountysource to pay students (or really whomever wants to help), that might be another way of tackling these tasks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (55d42054@gateway/web/freenode/ip.85.212.32.84) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Hi *</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Hi, pbecker!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~textual@rrcs-24-142-191-238.central.biz.rr.com) Quit (Quit: My MacBook Pro has gone to sleep. ZZZzzz…)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, I have to bail out of this meeting right on time today, have to drive kids all over town</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Is there any toppic discussed currently or may I ask one or two questions?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; These are all good ideas/brainstorms, honestly.  Might be something I could find a way to either run by the Steering Group or others in DuraSpace.  I think the big issue is funding/staffing... DSpace doesn't have much funded staff at this time (I'm on 60% on DSpace). But, the Steering Group is hoping to help change that...so I think we should be able to find ways to achieve / try out some of these ideas in the future.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: I think we're finishing up a thread of discussion. So, you can ask your questions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think that if any institution really wants to see a feature get worked, they might consider trying out bountysource, and see what happens</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger ++  Yea, really anyone could try out bountysource right away and report back on how well it has or has not worked</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-1927 would probably be a good candidate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1927">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1927</a> ] - [DS-1927] Make dependencies on dc.contributor.* configurable - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Who is the plan to make the developper meeting alternating at two times?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; s/Who/How</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; pbecker meant to say: How is the plan to make the developper meeting alternating at two times?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; pbecker: no plan, not much discussion amongst the committers about it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; So that meens it won't happen?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I called cjuergen two days ago, and she aggreed with me, that the late time is hard for european developpers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: unfortunately I haven't been able to get any feedback from committers on it. There's been almost no response from them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: maybe we just "declare a change" and see what happens?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not against trying it...I was just hoping for some sort of response/feedback from our european committers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yeah, some indicatino that the times we'd picked would work for them would have helped move things along</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I'm not a committer, but I hope it will happen. The current time is disagreable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I have another toppic, if you have some time left?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, the two times we had offered up were either 14:00 UTC or 15:00 UTC for an earlier meeting. Unfortunately when I asked everyone, I didn't get any response on which was more favorable...which was essentially what caused it to "stall"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we also floated an idea of 3 times</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; (though the 3rd time also needed a facilitator)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The 3 times idea is "not possible" without some other meeting facilitator (as I cannot manage 3 times myself) :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I have to leave, but I will check the log later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; thanks for the reminder, mhwood, I should go, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Bye mhwiid</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I could just go ahead and "declare" that we're going to alternate meeting times for a bit and see what happens...I admit, I was just waiting on more feedback.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Sorry, meant mhwood of course. (Typing on my tablet)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Tdonohue: that would be great! Both times are fine for me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I need to leave shortly as well, unfortunately</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Sorry, couldn't make it earlier.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it's ok. understandable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Just one short other thing. It would really help me if DS-1991 could get a review and hopefully a merge soon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; in case you need it, here's my +1 on any alternating meeting time idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1991">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1991</a> ] - [DS-1991] Workardoung for DS-1990 for DOIIdentifierProvider - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; So if anybody could take a look in the next few days (or weeks), it would be grat.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; At a glance, it seems reasonable. But, I'm not sure if I'll get to testing it in the nearterm, but can try and help remind others as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Okay, thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; If I can do anything to help anybody testing it, just give me a note...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sorry, I'm just a bit swamped these days... I've got a lot to prep for the upcoming Open Repositories 2014 conference in June.  So, I don't have as much time myself to do detailed testing, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; No problem, have a nice day!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; you too!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~textual@rrcs-24-142-191-238.central.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepher1&gt; hi all, sorry i missed meeting, home sick today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepher1&gt; just saw a prod from hardy on my phone ;P</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepher1 is now known as kshepherd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~textual@rrcs-24-142-191-238.central.biz.rr.com) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd2 (~kim@121-99-157-111.bng1.nct.orcon.net.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (55d42054@gateway/web/freenode/ip.85.212.32.84) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~textual@rrcs-24-142-191-238.central.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2602:306:382a:2659:6a05:caff:fe00:f66d) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2602:306:382a:2659:6a05:caff:fe00:f66d) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~textual@rrcs-24-142-191-238.central.biz.rr.com) Quit (Quit: My MacBook Pro has gone to sleep. ZZZzzz…)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~textual@rrcs-24-142-191-238.central.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~textual@rrcs-24-142-191-238.central.biz.rr.com) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~textual@rrcs-24-142-191-238.central.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~textual@rrcs-24-142-191-238.central.biz.rr.com) Quit (Quit: My MacBook Pro has gone to sleep. ZZZzzz…)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~textual@rrcs-24-142-191-238.central.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~textual@rrcs-24-142-191-238.central.biz.rr.com) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~textual@rrcs-24-142-191-238.central.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* edInCo (~smuxi@seta.coalliance.org) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~textual@rrcs-24-142-191-238.central.biz.rr.com) Quit (Quit: My MacBook Pro has gone to sleep. ZZZzzz…)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~textual@rrcs-24-142-191-238.central.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:40]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~textual@rrcs-24-142-191-238.central.biz.rr.com) Quit (Quit: My MacBook Pro has gone to sleep. ZZZzzz…)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>