<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2014-10-22
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* helix84 (~ctenar@195.178.95.132) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kdweeks (~Adium@2001:468:c80:a103:d1ee:36af:5ecf:9caa) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~ctenar@195.178.95.132) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-kornbluth.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-kornbluth.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-kornbluth.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-kornbluth.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kostasp (554b0b48@gateway/web/freenode/ip.85.75.11.72) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* caravan (~caravan@SIRIOM-LAPTOP.lnec.pt) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kostasp&gt; caravan, excuse me for the delay I had some pki issues to fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kostasp (554b0b48@gateway/web/freenode/ip.85.75.11.72) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@server112.longsightgroup.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:28]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* caravan (~caravan@SIRIOM-LAPTOP.lnec.pt) Quit (Ping timeout: 244 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* caravan (~caravan@SIRIOM-LAPTOP.lnec.pt) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~rooms@55d43b82.access.ecotel.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome. It's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Meeting. Agenda for today: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-10-22">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-10-22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-10-22 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-10-22">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-10-22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kohts (~kohts@212.233.127.186) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: mind if I make a quick announcement?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: feel free :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (81d7ec36@gateway/web/freenode/ip.129.215.236.54) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; well, it shouldn't come as much of a surprise, but we've moved the feature freeze date back to 10/27 (next Monday), it was originally set for 10/20, so, there are a few more days to merge features into DSpace 5.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; no other dates have moved</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; RC1 cut is still set for Halloween</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; also, if you've been helping the RT with RT work, I would like to recognize you, you know who you are, please consider adding your name to the roster here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status#DSpaceRelease5.0Status-OrganizationalDetails">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status#DSpaceRelease5.0Status-OrganizationalDetails</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 5.0 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status#DSpaceRelease5.0Status-OrganizationalDetails">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status#DSpaceRelease5.0Status-OrganizationalDetails</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks hpottinger and peterdietz!  That all being said, today's meeting is really about the 5.0 Feature Freeze. We still do have a few Feature PRs that are "waiting" to be reviewed/tested/minor bugs fixed.  To be clear, no new Feature PRs can be added at this time...but the "freeze" is not yet complete</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; "freeze in process"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini_ (~chatzilla@NB-BOLLINI.caspur.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; yeah, we've turned down the thermostat, should be getting cold</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The code is slushy but not completely congealed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I didn't have any specific topics for today other than to help with the 5.0 Feature Freeze (and potentially review a few features together that still need it).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, before that, I thought I'd ask... anyone have specific questions about the 5.0 release next steps, etc.?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'd just like to say that I +1-ed/merged several PRs that still had minor issues/comments that I'd like to see fixed. Not as big as to hold up the merge or maybe even require a separate Jira issue. They're all noted in comments of the merged PRs and I have a separate checklist, too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we were going through the very short list of PRs remaining, want to finish it up?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; there's 5 left. We should timebox ourselves</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; helix84: if you have issues about already merged code, you should probably turn those into JIRA issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; issues mostly being documentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: point is they're many and small and already in comments</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; so. DSPR#668</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/668">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/668</a> ] - [DS-2169] Author profiles for XMLUI by KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; already in comments is OK, it's what I'd call "slightly bus-proof" but JIRA issues would be better, it would mean we're serious about fixing them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I think that DCAT hasn't been loudly in strong favor of Author Profiles, and we had noted that if DCAT had been in strong support of author profiles, then it would get added</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes the list of still "to be reviewed" 5.0 Feature PRs is at: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Afeature+-label%3A%22work+in+progress%22+">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Afeature+-label%3A%22work+in+progress%22+</a>  (We had begun reviewing these in the "Backlog Hour" and just got through the first 3)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Afeature+-label%3A%22work+in+progress%22+">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Afeature+-label%3A%22work+in+progress%22+</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Much as I want this, I think there is not time now to resolve issues around the relationship with DSpace CRIS.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; let's skip past known "discussion generators" and move to the other PRs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; RE: #668...I've heard from 5 DCAT members thus far.  4 called it "not a high priority"...the fifth said that it doesn't seem high priority but ORCIDs are.   Bram has since created a survey for DCAT members to get full feedback. But, as of right now, it seems like it's not likely to be added to 5.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree though that we skip #668 for now...unless it's deemed high-priority, it seems too controversial to move forward at this time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; okay, so we'll table data-model change discussions on this subject for post-dspace5</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; without a strong vote in favor of #668 coming from DCAT, I don't see how it can possibly make it in, yes, let's move to the next PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next PR is DSPR#660</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/660">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/660</a> ] - DS-2163: Multilingual support for browse indexes and discovery facets by kstamatis</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; oops. by to table, I mean "to suspend" or "to postpone"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~rooms@55d43b82.access.ecotel.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; looks like, based on comments in #660, it needs updates based on "metadata 4 all"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; This is something I'd really like to have. I tried to test it today, but I couldn't make it work yet. It doesn't mean it's bad, I migh be lame.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we need a label for JSPUI-only</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; helix84++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: actually a simple rebase seemingly resolved the conflict with metadata 4 all, but I haven't yet confirmed it works</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, is someone actively working on #660</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; a pity that pbecker just left, I guess most of you here don't care about multilingual metadata</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: yes, EKT will address the comments. They're just busy this week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: I've been renaming PRs as "JSPUI" or "XMLUI" when they are specific to one or the other. But, it's easy to create a new "label" in GitHub for PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'm +1 for putting it into the title</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; labeling adds work and we can search on titles</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue just changed the title of #660</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, so, 660, like the idea, but I don't use this UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, do we set aside #660 for now? It obviously needs to get in *BEFORE* the freeze (on monday) though...otherwise it'll be auto-rescheduled</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: I'd say yes, it needs another tester. I'll ping pbecker.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; bollini_: has a few comments on #660</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok..we'll leave 660 as-is.  Those who really want this are encouraged to help drive it forward...otherwise it's likely to miss the Feature Freeze</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: yes, EKT said they will address them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (And to be clear, I think 660 is a great feature to have...I just don't have time myself to push it forward)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; helix84: they have until 10/27, and they probably need a champion ready to hit the merge button</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving along for now in essence of time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DSPR#659 / DS-2162</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2162">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2162</a> ] - [DS-2162] Per item configurable visual indicators for browse and search results - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/659">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/659</a> ] - DS-2162: Per item configurable visual indicators for browse and search results by kstamatis</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; demo of that is: <a href="http://esyp.saas.ekt.gr/esyp/browse?type=title&amp;locale=en">http://esyp.saas.ekt.gr/esyp/browse?type=title&amp;locale=en</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ National Quality Infrastructure System: Browsing DSpace ] - <a href="http://esyp.saas.ekt.gr/esyp/browse?type=title&amp;locale=en">http://esyp.saas.ekt.gr/esyp/browse?type=title&amp;locale=en</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I think its the book on the left. And the eyeball on the right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I haven't noticed this before. Demo looks nice.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; book = type.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; eyeball = Availability</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; XMLUI has some type of lock-icon, But that only shows when your on the item-page. Having this able to come to the item-list is cool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The one thing that is odd here is that the PR itself doesn't have those images... It's just the "framework" for these visual indicators</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; the images come from bootstrap</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; so both ui's already have the glyphicons</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, I see..thanks for the clarification, peterdietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; glyphicon-book, glyphicon-eye-open</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; (mirage or mirage2?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; mirage, no mirage2... ahhhhhhhh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; JSPUI only right now, it seems</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; (bad monty python reference).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; yeah, this is a JSPUI PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I like the idea, it just needs a tester.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I like the idea of #659... It still seems like mostly a "framework" to me.... scanning the Spring config, it looks like most of it is commented out (though maybe I'm misreading it).  I'd like it to actually have something enabled by default.  I agree though, needs tester</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I think it looks cool. But how further could you use it? i.e. What would REST do? This item would use dspace-api to indicate presentation-mode: ....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone want to volunteer to test #659?  Otherwise, it's also likely to miss the "freeze" and be auto-rescheduled.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kohts (~kohts@212.233.127.186) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd recommend we add a comment to each of these PRs which is in danger of being "auto-rescheduled" for 6.0...just as a warning</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I don't think it's actually saying available or notAvailable, but one of the spring files says image/available.png   (I've just noticed the image reference)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I have to run, bye!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, no volunteers on #659.  I'll add a comment to it after this meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along for now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DSPR#518 / DS-1968</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1968">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1968</a> ] - [DS-1968] Select the collection already selected in the previous operation - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/518">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/518</a> ] - [DS-1968] Select the collection already selected in the previous operation (JSPUI) by zuki</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is this really a new feature?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I need to understand the flow in JSPUI. (I don't use JSPUI). You would be at a collection page. Then you click Administer -&gt; Content -&gt; Batch Import</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; It would want to remember that previously you were at collection:123 ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm with mhwood, this feels like a bug fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I think this should be simpler than this PR.. i.e. the context of collection:123.. So the link to admin/batchimport?collection=123</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; does sound bug-fix like</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; wait. it also adds something cool. It might be commented out though. optgroup for communities, and option for collections</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; grouping/ordering the collection dropdown by community, then by collection</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/518/files#diff-3afa7f2c3151a8702a24692e9cdab6b9R116">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/518/files#diff-3afa7f2c3151a8702a24692e9cdab6b9R116</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-1968] Select the collection already selected in the previous operation (JSPUI) by zuki · Pull Request #518 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/518/files#diff-3afa7f2c3151a8702a24692e9cdab6b9R116">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/518/files#diff-3afa7f2c3151a8702a24692e9cdab6b9R116</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; anyways. I'll leave this for a JSPUI expert to review, maybe bollini_</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; sorry for taking a longer time on this one. I don't know the next step on this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it's from a committer, looks like a small change, probably OK to go in as soon as it passes review of a JSPUI expert</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This seems like it could "squeak in" as a bug fix.  But, I'd like a JSPUI expert to help review it.  The RT is very XMLUI expert heavy... we need help reviewing JSPUI features/bug fixes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; okay, fine with me then. Let the jspui crowd handle it. And maybe its smaller than a bug new feature</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; big new feature</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: I plan to announce the extension of the feature freeze today, and will include a plea to JSPUI experts</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: that'd be great, thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, we'll set aside #518 too for now...I'll add a comment for testers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; last one on our Feature PR list: DSPR#511</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-1689</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1689">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1689</a> ] - [DS-1689] Create Spatial Index and Spatial Query - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/511">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/511</a> ] - DS-1689 Spatial Indexing and Quering by bbkopsas</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Can I backtrack for a minute</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I just tried selecting a collection in the JSPUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; and then 'submit to this collection'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: go ahead</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; it then prompted me to select a collection from a list of collections</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yuck. So it is a bug then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; So I guess that PR may be saying 'if I have already selected a collection don't ask me again'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I think it could be considered a bug fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Apparently it is a bug *and* a feature.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; bug *fix*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I've tagged that PR as a bug fix &amp; feature.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; last one, DSPR#511</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/511">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/511</a> ] - DS-1689 Spatial Indexing and Quering by bbkopsas</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Not mergeable.  Needs attention from the submitter.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; This spatial indexing has a hardcoded ip address: <a href="http://129.206.228.72/">http://129.206.228.72/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ 1 ] - <a href="http://129.206.228.72/">http://129.206.228.72/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, we should flag #511 as a "work in progress"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; <a href="https://github.com/bbkopsas/DSpace/commit/222164685cc9a6d24853fc49aa5039b73ee10e40#diff-51cb0fa55a1ee7bf7520eac12a33f696R9">https://github.com/bbkopsas/DSpace/commit/222164685cc9a6d24853fc49aa5039b73ee10e40#diff-51cb0fa55a1ee7bf7520eac12a33f696R9</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ 2221646 · bbkopsas/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/bbkopsas/DSpace/commit/222164685cc9a6d24853fc49aa5039b73ee10e40#diff-51cb0fa55a1ee7bf7520eac12a33f696R9">https://github.com/bbkopsas/DSpace/commit/222164685cc9a6d24853fc49aa5039b73ee10e40#diff-51cb0fa55a1ee7bf7520eac12a33f696R9</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue just added WIP label to #511...so it'll be rescheduled</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 WIP</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; sorted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there any other Feature PRs out there that we've somehow overlooked?  Anyone?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; The demo of it is VERY cool though: <a href="http://geo-dspace.aegean.gr/xmlui/handle/123456789/4">http://geo-dspace.aegean.gr/xmlui/handle/123456789/4</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Αρχιπέλαγος, Κατάλογος Χωρικών Δεδομένων ] - <a href="http://geo-dspace.aegean.gr/xmlui/handle/123456789/4">http://geo-dspace.aegean.gr/xmlui/handle/123456789/4</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; press shift, then drag mouse to make a bounding box, then hit go</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, wait...here's a rebased Feature PR from helix84: DSPR#701</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/701">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/701</a> ] - DS-1227: Tag cloud for any browse index or Discovery facet by helix84</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; #701 looks to be tested, and is also a JSPUI thing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; does it need a milestone?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yep, I just changed it's title to state JSPUI only.  Again, we need JSPUI reviewers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; wait. bounding box, and tag cloud are different</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: who has been setting the milestones?  Some feature PRs seem to have a "5.0-feature-freeze" milestone, and some do not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I think I had clicked the feature-freeze milestone for one page of results. But didn't do all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; peterdietz set the milestone originally, shall we go make sure they're all tagged?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger &amp; peterdietz: if you want to use the milestone feature in GitHub, by all means do so. Thus far it seems like we're just searching for ones labeled "feature" and NOT "work-in-progress" (which also gets us a good list)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, #701 needs JSPUI testers as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think #701 is JPUI only, I don't see any XMLUI in there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini_&gt; ok, I could be able to find a couple of hours before Monday to review something</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini_&gt; can I ask the release team to send me an email with the PR list and their priority?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini_: the PR list in consideration for 5.0 is here: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Afeature+-label%3A%22work+in+progress%22+">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Afeature+-label%3A%22work+in+progress%22+</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Afeature+-label%3A%22work+in+progress%22+">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Afeature+-label%3A%22work+in+progress%22+</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini_: any that say JSPUI in the title likely need more testing...we are in need of JSPUI users to test &amp; verify</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini_&gt; ok. If I need some improvement at code level can I work with the contributor also on Monday to get the final version?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; (btw, I just set a milestone for all the feature PRs on that list)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; here's a list of open PR's with the word JSPUI: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Afeature+jspui">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Afeature+jspui</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Afeature+jspui">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Afeature+jspui</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini_: Feature Freeze is Monday. So, it needs to be merged by end of the day on Monday OR someone needs to ask for an extension prior to then.  As of Tuesday, they will be rescheduled for 6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini_&gt; ok. so we will work to merge it on Monday (at any local time :) )</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kohts_mobile (~AndChat50@195.91.136.243) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I just corrected the date on the 5.0 feature freeze milestone in GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger &amp; peterdietz: We also need to be keeping an eye on "improvements".  Some of those my need to get in before Monday....some which are minor may be able to have a bit longer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's the list of "improvement" PRs: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Aimprovement+-label%3A%22work+in+progress%22+">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Aimprovement+-label%3A%22work+in+progress%22+</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Aimprovement+-label%3A%22work+in+progress%22+">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+label%3Aimprovement+-label%3A%22work+in+progress%22+</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Yeah. There's still an impressive number of remaining improvements. 22.. Then 28 bug fixes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oh dear, 22 more...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bug fixes can be set aside for now.  But, with "improvements", I think we should try to do a quick review of which are even *mergeable*.... Ones that are not mergeable should be warned that feature freeze is Monday.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini_&gt; I need to leave... bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz &amp; hpottinger: should we schedule another meeting this week to quickly review "improvements"?  I'd be glad to help...just want to get it on my calendar if we want to do so</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, so would it help if I put a milestone for 5.0 FF on those improvements?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini_ (~chatzilla@NB-BOLLINI.caspur.it) Quit (Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.91 [Firefox 33.0/20141011015303])</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 673 is tracking master updates as I get time.  It's meant to wait to the last hour so as not to disturb other PRs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Got to run. Cheers all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (81d7ec36@gateway/web/freenode/ip.129.215.236.54) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: I would not mark a milestone on an improvement until it's been reviewed as mergeable...Some of these improvement PRs are rather old...we need to do a quick review first</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK DSPR #673 definitely needed a milestone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; i</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it's going in, if I have any sayso :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DSPR#673</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/673">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/673</a> ] - [DS-1883] Rehabilitate DCValue by mwoodiupui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; that's better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, do we want another meeting on "improvements"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; So. I believe we have finished our evaluation of DSpace 5 features (some have been pre-approved, pending final fixes). Now we're on to evaluating the improvement/bug-fixes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yes, I have time today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; If someone does my job for me. I can keep working on DSpace 5 tasks ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: yes, the feature review is done.  But, some of these improvements look larger than others...large ones likely need to be in PRE-freeeze. Small ones might be able to wait until later next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; name a day/time...and I'll be glad to pop into IRC then to help review improvements</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Monday is too late. (We could do last minute touch ups) So either today, thursday, Friday...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; RC1 isn't until next friday.. So 9 days?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, I'm asking for the RT to decide a time..I'll make it work into my schedule</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; today is my preference</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm fine with later today...what works for you, peterdietz?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think some of these can "just be merged"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; If everyone can still with our gruelling DSpace 5 schedule</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; still = stick</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; i can hang around. I've got catch-up to do. So can't be all day</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamatis (25066d99@gateway/web/freenode/ip.37.6.109.153) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; RC1 is in 9 days, yes. Which is why it's important to get these reviewed soonish</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, how about right after this meeting, back in #dspace?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Maybe it would help to triage the list. Small, medium, large</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; yeah. I'm fine moving to dspace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good. In that case, any last questions/comments before we close this meeting up?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; thanks everyone for all the hard work, DSpace 5.0 is going to be awesome</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Not hearing any. In that case our DevMtg is officially closed for today! Thanks all! If anyone can help stick around to review "improvement" PRs, we'll be doing so over in #dspace right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kohts_mobile (~AndChat50@195.91.136.243) Quit (Quit: Bye)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kstamatis (25066d99@gateway/web/freenode/ip.37.6.109.153) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:55]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* caravan (~caravan@SIRIOM-LAPTOP.lnec.pt) Quit (Ping timeout: 255 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@server112.longsightgroup.com) Quit (Quit: peterdietz)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* caravan (~caravan@SIRIOM-LAPTOP.lnec.pt) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* caravan (~caravan@SIRIOM-LAPTOP.lnec.pt) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>