<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2014-06-25
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstimac016.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstimac016.ub.tu-berlin.de) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~anonymous@cpe-76-176-128-229.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5eaf588c@gateway/web/freenode/ip.94.175.88.140) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamatis (2ebe4609@gateway/web/freenode/ip.46.190.70.9) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers meeting: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-06-25 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-06-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Hello!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi robint!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Looks like we have a slightly larger group this week @ 20UTC...last week's earlier meeting was a bit smaller</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll still be swapping meeting times though for the time being, just to test things out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I confess I have half an eye on France v Ecuador in the World Cup</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aha..yea, understood...in any case, a few notes to get things started</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1) We still are in need of a few good volunteers for our 5.0 Release Team!  We have two volunteers so far, hpottinger &amp; PeterDietz.  Ideally we'd have 3-5 folks total</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As a sidenote...5.0 is looking to have some nice features already lining up, including Mirage 2 (based on Bootstrap) for XMLUI, and ORCID support</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2) As I sent yesterday (to dspace-general), I've posted OR14 DSpace-related session slides/notes to <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/OR2014+DSpace+Sessions">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/OR2014+DSpace+Sessions</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ OR2014 DSpace Sessions - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/OR2014+DSpace+Sessions">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/OR2014+DSpace+Sessions</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; the RT reserves the right to resort to conscription, fair warning</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if you missed OR14, notes &amp; slides are posted (at least for the sessions I was involved with and could obtain slides for...the other sessions should have slides posted to the OR14 website in the near future</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; A larger number of committers now work for commercial companies rather than universities and I wonder if it is more difficult for them to find the time to be inviolved with a release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Since we had a smaller crowd last week in our IRC meeting, are there any questions/comments that anyone has about discussions/notes/rumors from OR14?  Will pause now in case there are any</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: good point. But, PeterDietz now works at a commercial company (Longsight) and is on the 5.0 RT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I still see you point...more and more Committers are working at commercial companies (last I looked, I think Committers are nearly 1/2 commercial and 1/2 universities)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'm really just searching for an explanation for an obvious shortage of volunteers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If there are any recommendations to change or "incentivize" membership on the Release Team, let me know. We are always able to change our way of doing things, in order to better meet changing needs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; ooh, incentives...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Things have seemed quieter in general. of late.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, I will agree that I've noticed a lack of Committer activity in general.... IRC activity down overall, mailing list activity down... But, there do seem to be a lot of PRs flying in...just not enough folks reviewing, commenting &amp; merging</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; what's going on out there?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I was mostly "chalking" it up to OR14 though...so, I'm hoping that things will *start* to ramp up now over the Summer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We're using Scrum to manage a project here, and daily meetings tend to grab most of my attention for that project.  I'm trying for a better balance of activities....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And to be clear though, *developer* activity seems to be up (as I said, lots of PRs, lots of tickets)...it's just our Committer review process that has slowed down some as of late...so maybe it's also time to see if we can find some new Committers to help out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I was just wondering when we last had a new commiter come on board</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; none in 2014, yet. Last ones were in late 2013, IIRC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Bram in 2013</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hi tdonohue we do have activity with kevin and others submitting PR, but we are in sprints for the end of our fiscal year ATM so I would expect a lower amount of activity right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; hey, look, it's mdiggory!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, trying to keep my chat window open a little more often</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: good to know. I know that @mire has quite a bit in the pipeline for 5.0, from talking with Bram &amp; Lieven at OR14</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I am out of touch but if anyone has any good committer recommendations it would be good to hear</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; would @mire be interested in helping with the RT? :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Kevin will be highly involved with organizing our contributions this year</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'll talk with folks on our side about RT...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good, mdiggory. I was going to ask the same thing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; robint: I can think of a few, I'll e-mail them to you later, and mdiggory: too late, Kevin's on my list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mdiggory: loving Mirage2! Credit to the developers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oh, and robint, happy belated birthday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, we are glad to see its getting alot of interest.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, while we're just "chatting".... any other general questions/comments about OR14 or 5.0 or similar?  (setting aside next agenda item for a moment more)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; hpottinger: trying unsuccessfully to keep it quiet :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and happy belated birthday, robint :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hearing no other questions/comments. Next agenda item is the 4.2 Bug fix release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Essentially, we've had a 4.2 in the works for some time (to squash a few more bugs in 4.x)...it'd be nice to try and get this one wrapped up soon, so we can all concentrate on 5.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's the 4.2 ticket status: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11840">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11840</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace: 4.2 - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11840">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/11840</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 14 are still "unresolved"...but there's already some major fixes on the 4.x branch that'd be nice to get out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 5 of those 14 are still available. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 15 total fixes already in, including some memory leak fixes, and other annoying bugs.  So, this is a long way of saying, it'd be nice to do a "final push" to get as much in as we can, and just reschedule any "stalled" tickets for 5.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; here's what's already in 4.2: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+fixVersion+%3D+4.2+AND+status+%3D+Closed+ORDER+BY+priority+DESC&amp;mode=hide">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+fixVersion+%3D+4.2+AND+status+%3D+Closed+ORDER+BY+priority+DESC&amp;mode=hide</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+fixVersion+%3D+4.2+AND+status+%3D+Closed+ORDER+BY+priority+DESC&amp;mode=hide">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+fixVersion+%3D+4.2+AND+status+%3D+Closed+ORDER+BY+priority+DESC&amp;mode=hide</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thoughts? Part of me wonders if we need to just set a date...anything "committed" by that date is in 4.2. Anything that is not, is rescheduled for 5.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; wish there were more hours in the day</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: seems a sensible idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha..you said it, hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I just accepted DS-1957.  Bug me if I don't get it done quickly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1957">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1957</a> ] - [DS-1957] incorrect xml workflow script for oracle - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; gosh, if I could free up a day I actually have an Oracle-based test instance running on our new staging box</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So...what's reasonable...deadline of merging/committing by Fri, July 11 (two weeks)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; sounds OK, however, I will be on vacation at that time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; +1 Any later and its starting to get into 5.0 territory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; any volunteers to pull the lever on 4.2?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: as long as you can get your assigned tickets in before your vacation ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (hopefully)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; interestingly, I read that as "tdonohue: I can pull the lever on 4.2, as long as you can get your assigned tickets in..."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If no one else steps forward, I guess I can pull the trigger on 4.2.  Just really want to get this off our "plates" and shipped. (But if someone else has time or inclination, honestly it's a good "test run" if you wanted to just try out a 'mvn release')</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I might have the time but I wont know until next week, depends how other things go</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; robint and tdonohue: see, *never* off the RT ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well, feel free to let me know, robint.  Glad to also team up on it, as needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Its like the mafia, you can't leave!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha..pretty much.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; the release script has improved a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, it's much better (and more stable/consistent) than it used to be early on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it auto-fills in reasonable values</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: I'll let you know next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK. So, 4.2 -- anything committed *before* July 11 is "in".  We'd likely "cut" the release on Fri, July 11 (or maybe Mon, July 14), and announce it early the week of the 14th.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If you're using latest Git, you may need to upgrade m-release-p.  I had to for 3.3.  Otherwise it forgets to commit the version updates.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I can send a 4.2 reminder to dspace-commit about it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Good call</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; or rather... dspace-commit / dspace-release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; how about you cut the release on Monday?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Fine by me. I don't care much either way what day we cut the release...as long as it's right around that time ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next on the agenda... 5.0!  Well, I mostly wanted to note that we need to start to finalize a Release Schedule (which I know is harder without a full RT).  Currently, there's a tentative schedule at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status#DSpaceRelease5.0Status-TimelineandProcessing">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status#DSpaceRelease5.0Status-TimelineandProcessing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 5.0 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status#DSpaceRelease5.0Status-TimelineandProcessing">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status#DSpaceRelease5.0Status-TimelineandProcessing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we could finalize this schedule right now if we had another volunteer....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, for those who want something into 5.0 -- this is a big HINT:  You need to be getting in those PRs BY EARLY October (preferably before then for larger PRs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The way these tentative dates look right now, there's really NOT much "wiggle room" for PRs.  If we push the PR deadline back, we really would risk releasing 5.0 in early 2015</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; September, August or July would be better, if convenient.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; as in: big features, we want your PRs now, please</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (or at least early versions of big PRs would be nice...something to begin to review &amp; give feedback on.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm gonna leave it at that for today. No other major topics to bring up here.  I think the 5.0 Schedule looks reasonable, but if you want more control over it, join the RT! :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other thoughts/comments/questions for today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Time to sneak off, cheers all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (5eaf588c@gateway/web/freenode/ip.94.175.88.140) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; re DS-2036, I was thinking we'd need to decide whether it was OK to have a new db upgrade script.... but then I realized we really just need to change an existing DB upgrade script</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2036">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2036</a> ] - [DS-2036] DSpace upgrade with oracle database, no discovery results - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2036: yes, if this is going into 4.2, it needs to change the existing 4.x upgrade script.  But, it ALSO needs to clearly document the upgrade from 4.1 -&gt; 4.2 (as usually that does NOT involve a db upgrade script)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; hmm... true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i.e. there needs to be a special note to Oracle users on this page: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC4x/Upgrading+From+4.0+to+4.x">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC4x/Upgrading+From+4.0+to+4.x</a>  (Otherwise, chances are, NONE of them are going to see this fix)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Upgrading From 4.0 to 4.x - DSpace 4.x Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC4x/Upgrading+From+4.0+to+4.x">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC4x/Upgrading+From+4.0+to+4.x</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it's not that big of a deal, as these upgrade scripts are pretty much a cut/paste affair anyway</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But does this happen in 4.0 -&gt; 4.x?  It sounds like it only happens in 1.8.x -&gt; 3.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; (Which would be part of the chain if you are going 1.8.x -&gt; 4.x.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Kevin claims it happens 3.x -&gt; 4.x, I thought</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (i.e. it "works" in 3.x, but not in 4.x)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; re-reading, that's my understanding the bug is from 3-&gt;4</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ah, you're right, if you upgrade 1.8.x -&gt; 3.x it leaves a time-bomb that goes off when you upgrade to 4.x.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; EXCITING! :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I note its not a schema change, something like this could be scripted in java, but is certainly eaiser as sql</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So the 1.8.x -&gt; 3.0 script needs fixed, *and* the 3.x -&gt; 4.0 script.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; if it's not a bug in 3, don't need to fix it in 3, do we?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I suppose not, but it seems messy to leave this lying around.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it sounds like this fix should go into the 3.x -&gt; 4.x db upgrade script (as that's where the bug appears).  But, we need to add a note for Oracle users who have already upgraded to 4.x (if any)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; there are a few other Oracle bugs in 4.x that need attention</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; to put this fix into the 4.x -&gt; 5 upgrade script is wrong...as it implies that no Oracle users would ever want to use Discovery + 4.x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; right, and with Discovery on by default...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I've added a comment to DS-2036 to describe that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2036">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2036</a> ] - [DS-2036] DSpace upgrade with oracle database, no discovery results - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other final thoughts/questions for today? (we are a bit overtime)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh..one final note:  If anyone has objections/comments on moving JIRA notifications to a separate mailing list, please let me know. I sent an email to dspace-devel about this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This email:<a href="http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/New-mailing-list-for-DSpace-JIRA-notifications-Please-add-your-feedback-td4673663.html">http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/New-mailing-list-for-DSpace-JIRA-notifications-Please-add-your-feedback-td4673663.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace - Devel - New mailing list for DSpace JIRA notifications? Please add your feedback. ] - <a href="http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/New-mailing-list-for-DSpace-JIRA-notifications-Please-add-your-feedback-td4673663.html">http://dspace.2283337.n4.nabble.com/New-mailing-list-for-DSpace-JIRA-notifications-Please-add-your-feedback-td4673663.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Since I'm not hearing any other pressing questions, I'll close up the meeting for today.  I'll still be lurking for a bit though, if anything comes up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-2038 is another Oracle update script bug, pretty minor, I'll try to take on both of them and get that upgrade SQL sparkling clean</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2038">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2038</a> ] - [DS-2038] Oracle dspace-schema_3-4.sql upgrade script contains a minor error - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; my only problem is I'm dealing with people who don't view Oracle support as our problem any more, so I'll have to sneak in the time to do this review and work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I have to go, thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kstamatis (2ebe4609@gateway/web/freenode/ip.46.190.70.9) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~anonymous@cpe-76-176-128-229.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~anonymous@107-216-12-207.lightspeed.sndgca.sbcglobal.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~anonymous@107-216-12-207.lightspeed.sndgca.sbcglobal.net) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>