<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2015-02-18
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[1:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-oitrlhwzdizzxqjo) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-weber.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-weber.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-weber.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-weber.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kostasp (5e44ebe6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.94.68.235.230) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kostasp (5e44ebe6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.94.68.235.230) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162188.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-wvjorucmumympfsb) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162188.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-76-176-128-229.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Meeting.  Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-02-18">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-02-18</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2015-02-18 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-02-18">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-02-18</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; semi-small crowd today it seems...but hopefully others will pop in shortly ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (~cknowles@cpc67742-sgyl32-2-0-cust219.18-2.cable.virginm.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First and foremost though, mostly a reminder that the plan for DSpace 5.1 is to release by end of this week, and announce on Monday (Feb 23).  I *think* we are mostly still on schedule with various fixes that need to go in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I plan to cut the release on Friday though. So, if there's anything you are aware of that NEEDS to be in 5.1, and isn't ready or needs more eyes, please let myself (and committers) know</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And in the agenda, I did note yet again that it looks like we need help in fixing the LDAP plugin for DS-2421.  So, if you have a local LDAP &amp; some time, please feel free to volunteer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2421">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2421</a> ] - [DS-2421] LDAPAuthentication Plugin only supports auto-registration for Hierarchical LDAP settings - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anything else folks want to mention regarding 5.1?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, hearing nothing...guess we move along.  If there are any outstanding questions/concerns though, please do get in touch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up, I wanted to give a "final call" for Google Summer of Code ideas/mentors.  As of yet, it seems like we don't have much interest (that I've heard) amongst DSpace Committers.  But, if I'm mistaken, please feel free to correct me :)  Or of anyone has comments on GSoC in general</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Excitement and interest. I haven't settled on a single focused project I'd want to shepherd though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I do have a busy schedule this summer though already. So a bit limited in ability to help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; ...which is not a great recipe</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; To be clear, at this point in time, I do NOT plan to submit an application on behalf of DSpace/DuraSpace.  No other DuraSpace projects (Fedora, VIVO, DuraCloud) plan to take part. As interest is lacking here too, it seems like it's a year to "sit this one out"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kohts (~kohts@141.124.158.98.client.dyn.strong-in23.as13926.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I did put my name down for one of the ideas, but I will probably have very limited bandwidth for mentoring also. So sitting this one out sounds fair enough to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any last comments on GSoC?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, thanks aschweer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Those were essentially the two main topics on our agenda for today. At this point, I'd like to open up the floor to any other topics you all want to discuss?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Wow, don't everyone jump at once ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we are a very quiet group today it seems (or very distracted)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; Hello everyone, if I'm the only one with the topic, I would appreciate if we could discuss once again the batch changes of permissions of the items.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kohts: sure, is there a ticket which references this (to refresh us)? Or would you be willing to summarize?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; Hi, can I please encourage everyone to submit to the Dev Track at OR15 :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; cknowles: definitely! Also, has an email gone to dspace-devel about it yet?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; cknowles: working on it :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; More on the new Dev Track at OR15: <a href="http://www.or2015.net/developer-track/">http://www.or2015.net/developer-track/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Developer Track at OR2015 | OPEN REPOSITORIES 2015 ] - <a href="http://www.or2015.net/developer-track/">http://www.or2015.net/developer-track/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; One has definitely gone to general and tech, shall I send to dev as well?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; aschweer :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; cknowles: yea, you may want to, as it's our official developers list. Chances are those folks should also be on -tech or -general, but you never know</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; ok will do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; Sure, few words about my task/problem: I need to change access permissions to several items in my repository at once (at least all the bitstreams of one item), and I would need to do this on a regular basis. I could definitely do this by running SQL queries against Postgres database, but that doesn't seem to be a good solution (it's not durable, it probably will break once dspace evolves,</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; it would be hard to teach other people to do it, etc.) So basically I need support of the feature in DSpace. I could do some development (PR) but not a lot - Java is not my primary language and I really won't have a lot of time for this. I'm trying to understand what would be the most effecient way to address this problem. I will follow up with several ticket in Jira, just a moment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; (sorry for a long message)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Sounds like wanting to recursively apply permissions to a whole collection</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I have curation tasks for this sort of thing -- for "my" repositories, the requirements are quite specific (and different for each institution)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There is also the built in "Item wildcard policy admin tool" (off the "Administrative" menu -&gt; "Authorizations").  The tools is clunky, but it does work to do bulk permission changes on Items or bitstreams</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; There's a couple of variations on this problem. Another is wanting to make the bitstreams of an item openly accessible. Or, changing an open item (or closed) to be accessible to a particular group. The current process involves lots of clicking</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; hmm, yeah wildcard is pretty powerful.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In general here, I do agree it'd be nice to build more tools (UI Admin tools, or Curation Tasks) to ease the management of permissions (in bulk).  If anyone has any code they think could be advantageous to other institutions, we might want to consider whether it could be made "generic" enough to add to DSpace for everyone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; ...and vice versa. If someone has generic enough use-cases on the subject. It might help to formalize/finalize an approach</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I suspect that many uses of bulk permission editing would evaporate if we had dynamic permission inheritance instead of static.  But tools would still be quite useful in more complex cases.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; totally agree. I know usually I'm all "let's see what the use cases / roadmap say" but I'm pretty sure handling permissions on all DSpace objects is going to stay important no matter what :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 peterdietz, generic enough use cases could start to be gathered on the wiki. Then we could work to build a tool based on those use cases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; Thanks for the comments, very useful, especially for the admin tool, I will check it out. In the meanwhile, here's Jira issue: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2028">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2028</a> It's not directly about the problem, but if I understand correctly there's an underlying architectural problem with doing one thing with (all the items|some number of items): current class methods try to fetch/cache every</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; item, which becomes a serious bottleneck for a big repo, on the other hand we do want to apply all the item/bitstream business logic to an item and don't want to modify database directly aside from the standard class methods -- so making a simple patch doesn't seem to be as simple as it might look at the first glance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-2028] Suppress items without anonymous access from the sitemap - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2028">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2028</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2028">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2028</a> ] - [DS-2028] Suppress items without anonymous access from the sitemap - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; One problem we have with large operations is indeed caching.  We need to limit the size of some of the caches in Context.  It makes little sense to cache 100,000 objects if the server grinds to a halt due to thrashing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Or runs out of heap.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; Personally I like the idea of gathering uses cases on the wiki - I could start this page with my use case: consider an archive of a scientist (gone) where some documents were created by him and we know we could publish them openly, and there are items which are correspondence of this person with other people, some of them might even be alive, so we're not sure whether we are allowed to make</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; them public. But once other parties who participated in creation of the item are contacted and give their permission - related item(s) could be published. One item could consists of several tens of files (heap of letters).\</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kohts: have you seen the gathering of various DSpace Use Cases here? <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Use+Cases">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Use+Cases</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Use Cases - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Use+Cases">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Use+Cases</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; That might be embargo use-case</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It's a rather large list, but it might be worth adding your use cases to that list...we plan to have someone analyze it in the near future to develop a "long term roadmap" for DSpace on how it could start to achieve some of those more popular use cases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; My curation task for that use case is: <a href="https://github.com/lconz-irr/Curation-Tasks/blob/lconz-curation-tasks-4.6/src/main/java/nz/ac/lconz/irr/curate/task/ProtectSensitiveBundles.java">https://github.com/lconz-irr/Curation-Tasks/blob/lconz-curation-tasks-4.6/src/main/java/nz/ac/lconz/irr/curate/task/ProtectSensitiveBundles.java</a> -- we're scheduling the task on every bitstream change event via an event consumer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Curation-Tasks/ProtectSensitiveBundles.java at lconz-curation-tasks-4.6 · lconz-irr/Curation-Tasks · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/lconz-irr/Curation-Tasks/blob/lconz-curation-tasks-4.6/src/main/java/nz/ac/lconz/irr/curate/task/ProtectSensitiveBundles.java">https://github.com/lconz-irr/Curation-Tasks/blob/lconz-curation-tasks-4.6/src/main/java/nz/ac/lconz/irr/curate/task/ProtectSensitiveBundles.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; A powerful, efficient way to modify permissions in bulk mostly boils down to a powerful, efficient way to identify the objects of interest.  After that it's just walking a list.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So, how do you identify the problematic letters?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Mechanically.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; for us, I've set up a new bundle called "Evidence", and have added functionality for admins to move bitstreams between bundles.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; so it's the repo admins' responsibility to figure out which bitstreams are sensitive and to move them into that bundle</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; (well plus I've written a custom submission step that lets people upload into the evidence bundle directly)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; tdonohue: will have a closer look at the use cases, thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; then my curation task applies the permissions according to the bundle name (original is public, evidence isn't)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; now that we have metadata for all, maybe there could be better mechanisms (especially if we eventually want to get rid of bundles)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1 bundles must die!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@216.106.51.118.reverse.socket.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; mhwood: I would say generally it's an manual procedure, and there's quite a number of items in the repo, so I plan to make all (almost all of them) closed for the public and then enable one by one -- but I really don't want to make it for every bitstream, because usually the decision could be made on an item level.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; mhwood that's not what I said ;) but yes I do use bundles as "tags" mainly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK.  I have yet to see an application in which Bundles actually *contain* anything.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; talking to you now I actually see that even the possibility to modify all of the bistreams for 1 item would solve my original problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; mhwood: maybe in the versioning? but even there really the relationship is between bitstreams and items</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Exactly.  Bundles are labels, and it is strange that we can't paste more than one label on a bitstream.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; kohts: maybe ask on the -tech list whether anyone has a scripted curation task for this (since Java isn't your favourite language)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; mhwood well theoretically a bitstream can be in more than one bundle. Just good luck with nothing breaking in the code if you actually do that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; In REST API I didn't model bundles. Items have bitstreams, and bitstreams belong to items. (Aside from collection logos)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; aschweer: I don't like the idea of curation tasks for two reasons: 1) it happens somewhere behind the scenes; I would like to have the control right in the UI 2) don't want custom code in my dspace installation, I have no resources to support it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I have this curation task here to copy community policies down to their child collections, maybe it could be adapted to transfer to items: <a href="https://github.com/lconz-irr/Curation-Tasks/blob/master/src/main/java/nz/ac/lconz/irr/curate/task/CopyCommunityPoliciesToCollections.java">https://github.com/lconz-irr/Curation-Tasks/blob/master/src/main/java/nz/ac/lconz/irr/curate/task/CopyCommunityPoliciesToCollections.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Curation-Tasks/CopyCommunityPoliciesToCollections.java at master · lconz-irr/Curation-Tasks · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/lconz-irr/Curation-Tasks/blob/master/src/main/java/nz/ac/lconz/irr/curate/task/CopyCommunityPoliciesToCollections.java">https://github.com/lconz-irr/Curation-Tasks/blob/master/src/main/java/nz/ac/lconz/irr/curate/task/CopyCommunityPoliciesToCollections.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; kohts: fair enough -- just if it's a one-off, it might be useful as a curation task. remember that you can invoke curation tasks in the UI. As to custom code, just convince us to add something like my curation tasks to standard DSpace ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger still catching up, but the wildcard policy admin tool is a bit "funky" in its vagueness, people invest it with their hopes and dreams and end up being disappointed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; hpottinger:  can we characterize the disappointment?  So we can fix it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; yes the wildcard policy admin tool has some room for improvement it feels like (I actually don't use it, I just write curation tasks)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; One example curation task I've done is to extract mp3 duration from the file, and stuff into item metadata. Way easier to do in Java, then hacking with SQL. Its clean, portable. Could be contributed upstream, and eventually no longer being my responsibility (but community asset)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The wildcard policy admin tool needs better explanation &amp; docs.  It also tends to require several steps...often you have to (1) Remove existing access rights, and then (2) Add new, correct access rights.  So, it's often at least a two step process</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; for "my" repo managers, it always feels like resource policies don't mesh with how they think, maybe because they are "allow" logic not "deny" logic. While moving to an evidence bundle, they have no trouble remembering that even when they only do it once every half year. Maybe that's just because it's one step vs many.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hi, sorry I'm late, I just wanted to say that I'd volunteer as a GSoC mentor</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think the disappointment comes in with the wildcard tool in that it only applies to items, and many times other policies want changing (collection and community defaults, mostly) and then you walk into the whole "policiies only inherit on item submission" trap, and... disappointment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; yes, I think inheriting policies comes up on dspace-tech a lot, and that's when people are pointed to the wildcard tool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; "policiies only inherit on item submission" trap - often catches our repo admins out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; tdonohue: 2 steps process is fine for me, it's indefinitely better than N steps process where N is the number of bitstreams in the item...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; to me it sounds like functionality to propagate policies down would be good, as would a way of identifying items whose policies aren't what they would be if they were archived now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; "people chang their minds" about policies, we need a tool to let them change the policies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; aschweer++ far more articulate than I</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I've heard some unhappiness that the DSpace admin help pages aren't in XMLUI (from repo admins who started on JSPUI). Most screens are pretty self explanatory, but the wildcard tool for sure isn't</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; thanks hpottinger, and here I was worrying about my English ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; just finding the tool is an adventure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; cknowles: just an early heads-up - I might have a submission for dev track, still have to write it all down</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I *think* there is a JIRA issue that wrangles all this up, actually</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; helix84 - that’s great.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-1119 now closed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1119">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1119</a> ] - [DS-1119] xmlui &amp;quot;wildcard policy admin tool&amp;quot; does nothing - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; as a side note: the best in my opinion policy management I've seen is in Windows (sorry): it's quite flexible and user generally might understand how it works. The approach boils down to the following rule: item (directory or file) inherits permissions unless custom permissions are set for it. Also there's a special button (tool) to propagate permissions from the given item down to all the</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; children items overriding (destroying) their custom permissions. DSpace kinda has similar approach but it feels like it's not finalized.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; (not sure I should have explained Windows permissions here so badly, but just in case there're people who haven't worked with Windows)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I agree that permission inheritance is one of the things that the Windows crew got very right.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think many people expect permissions to always work that way and are puzzled when they don't.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; that's part of the issue, DSpace is *close* to the Windows behavior, during the submission process... and then... nevermore</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; kohts: regarding what you said earlier, if you need it addressed before a systematic solution is developed and released, you may want to consider writing a curation task in jython, groovy or jruby (which has potentially faster build cycle than java), see <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/Curation+System#CurationSystem-ScriptedTasks">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/Curation+System#CurationSystem-ScriptedTasks</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Curation System - DSpace 5.x Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/Curation+System#CurationSystem-ScriptedTasks">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/Curation+System#CurationSystem-ScriptedTasks</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It seems like we have several ideas/threads here (similar in nature) but we might want to boil them down into either a JIRA ticket (or two), or Use Cases (if it's still just an early idea)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt;  /dspace/bin/dspace chmod 777 -i 123456789/45</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue just wants to be sure to find a way to track the ideas here, so they are not forgotten</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; tdonohue++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Static vs. dynamic.  DSpace copies permissions onto the child object.  Windows climbs the object tree each time it wants to check permissions, until it finds a policy that applies to this type of object.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: wow, a 'dspace chmod' ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; the hierarchy climbing would be interesting with items mapped into a collection with different permissions. but I guess there are ways of dealing with that in file systems too (symlinks)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; well I think we want chmod -R :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; of course</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: that's the heart of the matter right there, the choices Windows makes are appropriate for various objects an OS might encounter, but the rules are different for a repository</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; watch that executable bit, though, peterdietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, is there anyone(s) who'd be willing to take the task of creating a JIRA ticket (for bulk policy editor, if needed, or a new curation task) and/or start up some Use Case docs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I know "anyones" isn't a real English word, by the way)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; chmod is not good enough for us, we need ACLs. ACLs are hard. Is there a library we can leverage?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; helix84: can we start with the use cases before the technology please? (ha I got to trot that line out again)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: "there's a ticket for that" (but no ideas yet): DS-2041</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2041">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2041</a> ] - [DS-2041] Use ACLs not code to control object visibility in sitemaps, RSS, etc. - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; helix84: aha, the old "let's change AuthN and AuthZ to something standard" idea, I like it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Google comes up with some interesting hits for "java acl framework"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; tdonohue: I could definitely document my use case and the "ideal" solution as I see it, if you think it would help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That one is not really authnz; it's access control.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kohts: I think it could help. You may want to read through some of the existing similar use cases (around authorization or embargo) as well, to see if they can just be enhanced to also describe yours</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm realizing we're now to the end of our meeting (and unfortunately I have to step away for a moment).  If anyone is willing to start up even a JIRA placeholder (assuming 2041 isn't "good enough") for this discussion/summary, it might help us keep this on the radar</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I have an internal ticket for working on the wildcard policy admin tool at some point, in my notes I see that mdiggory mentioned in December of 2011 that they had done some prior work in this area</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; tdonohue: ok, I got your idea. I'll try to do it. I actually tried to do it before - but it was a bit hard since currently DSpace permissions are somewhere inbetween of somewhere... (look like Windows on submission, but not after; there're also bugs which break permissions and it's hard to understand whether it is be design or a bug indeed - not ranting, just stating that I tried and it was</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; no easy task).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: could you copy your internal ticket over into our JIRA ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; s/be design/by design/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; kohts meant to say: tdonohue: ok, I got your idea. I'll try to do it. I actually tried to do it before - but it was a bit hard since currently DSpace permissions are somewhere inbetween of somewhere... (look like Windows on submission, but not after; there're also bugs which break permissions and it's hard to understand whether it is by design or a bug indeed - not ranting, just stating that I tried and it was</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it's a Trac ticket, but I'd happily transfer notes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; sorry everyone, I need to leave. I can try and find some time to contribute our use cases if someone makes a start.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it sounds like kohts is volunteering to write the JIRA issue?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kohts said he'd do a Use case (over in <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Use+Cases)">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Use+Cases)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; hpottinger: I would really like to start with use case in wiki if no one minds; we could copy it to jira if it looks fine afterwards? (wiki seems to be a more relaxed place for me, while JIRA seems to oblige people to "solve" anything input into it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; related issues: DS-510, DS-520, DS-908</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; tdonohue: right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-510">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-510</a> ] - [DS-510] Streamline UI for community/collection role assignment - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-520">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-520</a> ] - [DS-520] Allow for bulk/mass authorization/policy changes on items/bitstreams - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-908">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-908</a> ] - [DS-908] Embargo Overhaul: Utilize ResourcePolicy Start and Stop datestamps for enforcing embargo in DSpace - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I was asking for a JIRA ticket about anything more immediate (e.g. changes to wildcard policy tool that might be good "quick fixes", etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: I can make that ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; thanks for the discussion, seems really useful for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks too for bringing it up!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The meeting is now officially closed (cause I need to step away for a bit). But, I will be back later if anyone has post-meeting topics to discuss. Thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; silly question: is this tool XMLUI-only, or is there another similar tool in the JSPUI?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kohts&gt; I would follow up with my use case and let you know (several weeks though, to be realistic)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (~cknowles@cpc67742-sgyl32-2-0-cust219.18-2.cable.virginm.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Back to dspace-vagrant:  this poor noob is now looking at "Verify SSH connection to GitHub works?" and wondering how it ever succeeded.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kohts (~kohts@141.124.158.98.client.dyn.strong-in23.as13926.net) Quit (Quit: gotta go)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: you're in the logged channel ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-2460</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2460">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2460</a> ] - [DS-2460] wildcard policy admin tool should be easier to find, and should work for collections and coummunities as well as items and bitstreams - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 2460 looks good to me.  Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; look at this pile of related issues: DS-510, DS-520, DS-909, DS-1119</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-510">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-510</a> ] - [DS-510] Streamline UI for community/collection role assignment - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-520">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-520</a> ] - [DS-520] Allow for bulk/mass authorization/policy changes on items/bitstreams - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-909">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-909</a> ] - [DS-909] Collection DEFAULT_ITEM_READ and DEFAULT_BITSTREAM_READ handling - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1119">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1119</a> ] - [DS-1119] xmlui &amp;quot;wildcard policy admin tool&amp;quot; does nothing - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; that right there is an itch that needs scratching</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Indeed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger waves to the crowd, then ducks out into the next room, bye!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@216.106.51.118.reverse.socket.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@161.130.188.73) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@161.130.188.73) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>