<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2015-02-11
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@161.130.252.241) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:57]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:57]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:57]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:57]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Jesse_Dhammu (~Instantbi@14.139.58.194) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; hellpo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; my dspace XMLUI is not working</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; can you tell what could be the reason</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Jesse_Dhammu: what do you mean by not working? Expected behaviour/actual behaviour.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; thanx for reply</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; the Xmlui interface is shoing resource not found error..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; java.io.FileNotFoundException: C:\DSpace\webapps\xmlui\themes\snazy\sitemap.xmap (The system cannot find the path specified)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; but the JSPUI is working fine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; well does that file exist? did you copy the snazy theme there? because that's not a theme that's shipped with DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; ohhhhh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; the file is in place</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; but where would i get the default XMLUI theme</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; i coppied the xmlui files and created another theme out of that ..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; The default is Mirage. You specify it in [dspace]/config/xmlui.xconf</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; ok let me tryu</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; try</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; &lt;theme name="Kubrick" regex=".*" path="Kubrick/" /&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; i replace snazy with kubrick</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; is that all ..?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; helix84: i changed the text as mentioned above</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; still didnt worked</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; thanks dude</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; it started to work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; but there i a small issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; i need to change the default header text of kubrick and its description text on the home page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; how can i do that .,.?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Jesse_Dhammu: edit Kubrick.xsl</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jesse_Dhammu&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Jesse_Dhammu (~Instantbi@14.139.58.194) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;nic-dta&gt; hi, i have a question about support for Fedora</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;nic-dta&gt; Is there a IRC channel for Fedora support?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Tryp #fcrepo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Woops, *try* #fcrepo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;nic-dta&gt; thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* nic-dta (~thomas@clouden.granados.se) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (81d7fa56@gateway/web/freenode/ip.129.215.250.86) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome. It's time for our weekly DSpace Dev Mtg.  Today's agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-02-11">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-02-11</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2015-02-11 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-02-11">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-02-11</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I've made a few minor tweaks to the agenda just in the last hour...I accidentally left a few things around from last week that were not really necessary to have on the agenda for today :)  Plus I forgot to add a discussion on GSOC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, to kick things off, I figured the top priority right now is scheduling a DSpace 5.1 release...since we have some bugs we definitely want to fix in 5.0 in the near future</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~kevin@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Plus, we can talk about any outstanding issues in 5.0 which would be *nice* to try to fit into the said 5.1 release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (~cknowles@is-lac-maclap1.is.ed.ac.uk) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162188.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, 5.1 already has some fixes ready to go (on the branch), and a few more that are "in progress"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First, I guess the question is, is there anything else that you are aware of (not already under discussion elsewhere) that we should strive to get into the 5.1 release?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; On the agenda, I had still listed DS-2421...which seems like a big bug in the LDAPAuthentication. But, there is a "workaround" for now.  Still, if anyone has LDAP and can claim it, it shouldn't be too hard to fix (just needs an LDAP to test against)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2421">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2421</a> ] - [DS-2421] LDAPAuthentication Plugin only supports auto-registration for Hierarchical LDAP settings - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; are there any other issues we want to ensure get into this 5.1 release (i.e. needing more immediate eyes, but not yet getting them)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I've been tinkering with DS-570</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-570">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-570</a> ] - [DS-570] Redirect users to current page on login - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it's ancient, and bothersome</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue also notes that regarding some of the 5.x JSPUI outstanding issues, I've been trying to get in touch with CINECA folks (abollini &amp; luigi, etc)... as they seem to be one of the major JSPUI users these days</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I have a potential issue that Hilton has emailed me about Elastic Search statistics dashboard, not showing countries. I haven't dug into it. (not a new 5.x bug, but a bug that might have been in older release) That I haven't dug into too much yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (but if any other JSPUI users want to help out on any outstanding 5.x JSPUI issues, please do ping me...we need more folks working on the JSPUI these days)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger +1 to 570... I agree it'd be a great fix, whether it gets into 5.1 or later on...it's a needed one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; redirect after login turned out to be a can of worms. Where should you be redirected to...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; peterdietz: there's a configuration option, which is not currently honored</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Shouldn't the page requiring login be responsible for telling login where you came from?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; however, in most cases, I think the least annoying redirect, in the case of an interrupted session (DSpace says, umm, can you log in, please?), you should be redirected to the thing you were looking for in the first place</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; but, back to tdonohue's earlier point: JSPUI users need to form a community, I think</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, I think we probably all agree 570 is something to fix.  May just be a question of whether it is doable in time for 5.1, or if it just comes in later.  Hopefully hpottinger can keep us updated on status &amp; where he can use help if needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; RE: XMLUI vs JSPUI -- I'm starting to see the same thing.  As we've talked recently in these meetings, we almost have two communities in one.  Unfortunately for the JSPUI users, the *current* Committers team seems more XMLUI-heavy...which means we have less folks working on JSPUI at a given moment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i.e. we need more JSPUI help &amp; support out there. If anyone out there is reading these logs (or listening in) and uses JSPUI, honestly we'd love to get you more involved in whatever way we can</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Not to assume that XMLUI is without flaws, ahem, cocoon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha, never said that, peterdietz.  More simply that we have more XMLUI developers/committers trying to fix or workaround those flaws ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This is all a bit of a moot point now, though..as looking at the folks in this irc chat, it looks like nearly all of us are XMLUI users (IIRC)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I did want to let everyone know that behind the scenes I've been contacting our JSPUI committers directly to try and get some extra help.  No response as of yet though, but hopefully they are all just "busy" and will respond soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Do we have any LDAP users here today? Just curious if anyone can "claim" or dig more on DS-2421 (which I mentioned above and which has been encountered many times in the last few weeks on mailing lists)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2421">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2421</a> ] - [DS-2421] LDAPAuthentication Plugin only supports auto-registration for Hierarchical LDAP settings - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, hearing none, we'll move along</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll also mention that I've been working on fixing DS-2278 (should have a PR later today) for 5.1 as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2278">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2278</a> ] - [DS-2278] Error pages improperly formatted on certain url patterns - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anything else out there that we need to prioritize for 5.1 release?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 250 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, not hearing anything else.  So, the next question is:  Anyone (or multiple folks) willing to help chip in on getting this 5.1 release out the door in the next week or so?  Ideally, in my mind, we'd strive to get this out the door by end of next week (19th or 20th), assuming all goes well with the fixes in progress</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll be able to set aside some of my own time to help make this happen.  But, would definitely appreciate any help from anyone else along the way (even just avid testers , etc.) :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I see a couple of tickets I ought to review.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; testers are very welcome. Obviously as bug fix releases don't go through a full "testathon" it's really imperative that we try and get at least two +1 votes (and testers) on anything that's a more significant fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I can help test, and even pull the lever, though we could use a few more people with release experience</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; even just a few of us is better than nothing. Just would appreciate someone(s) to help test and be a second (or third) pair of eyes on release announcements, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I can check announcements.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: you can count on me to help out, just ask. Are we going to have an RC for this release, or is that tdonohue?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thinking about the 5.1 schedule, I mentioned end of next week, but now rethinking myself.  I find releases announcements get more eyes at the *beginning* of a week.  So, we may want to try to "wrap up" 5.1 by end of next week, but *announce* it on Monday, Feb 23.   If we get done earlier than that though, great.  Does this sound like a reasonable goal to you all?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Fine by me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: thanks..yea, I'm fine acting as release coordinator (RC) for 5.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, sounds like we have a general plan here. Goal is to have 5.1 "ready" by end of next week (Feb 19/20), but we'll announce on Monday Feb 23.  I'll update folks if it looks like we need to change that date.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; And we can drag along the conscripts for 5.0 RT as the 5.1 RT :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anything else on 5.1 that anyone wants to mention?  If not, we'll move along to other topics for now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. hearing nothing, we'll move along. If anyone has questions, feel free to get in touch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next on the agenda: Google Summer of Code (GSoC) 2015.   The application process for organizations (who want to participate) is currently open. Those applications are due on Fri, Feb 20 (next Fri).  So, the question is, do we feel like we'd want to participate this year?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we've been turned down two years in a row...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As a reminder, Google tends to recommend we *already* have a good list of possible student projects and potential mentors for each project.  Without those, it's unlikely we'd get accepted.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~kevin@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We do have a project "ideas list" from last year's application (as hpottinger mentions, we were rejected last year), and most still seem somewhat relevant: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/DSpace+Summer+of+Code+Ideas">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/DSpace+Summer+of+Code+Ideas</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Summer of Code Ideas - Google Summer of Code - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/DSpace+Summer+of+Code+Ideas">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/GSOC/DSpace+Summer+of+Code+Ideas</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We have been rejected two years in a row...but I will mention that each time we were essentially told: "Your application looks fine, but we wanted to give more changes to new organizations. Try again next year."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, that being said, if we just don't have enough possible mentors, then we likely should just sit this year out.  I don't want to put in an application unless we feel we really want to make it happen.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thoughts?  what do you think? Should we apply again?  Sit this year out?  Would you want to mentor a project if we were accepted?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I don't have a crystal ball. But, if we could get dspace to accept dynamic configs. Having a student project to implement a UI for that would be good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; to be blunt, it takes work to actually be able to commit to being a mentor, I don't get to decide whether I have free time to commit to other projects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: it's a great idea, but that might be a pretty big "if" unless someone is already working on the dynamic configs.  Remember we have OR2015 between now and GSoC, so I know a lot of folks tend to be busy prepping for OR2015 talks/demos/things</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, being a mentor does take some time. If you wanted to be a mentor, you likely should either run it by your boss, or find a way to do it in your "free time" over the summer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm not opposed to our participating, I'm just saying I don't think I can, I should probably remove my name as a potential mentor</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I think Longsight could get behind putting effort into Dynamic Configs. It's a huge support drain for us, so its got a great payoff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, if there *is* a project that your institution would like to see happen for DSpace, and it's "doable" in the summer, then mentoring a student to *do the work* could be a win/win</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Need to ensure we can fix the DSpace "plumbing" beforehand though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: that'd be awesome. I know others have "dabbled" in dynamic configs in the past (Joao Melo, IIRC, was the latest), but it does need someone to help drive it forward. I agree it is sorely needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm sensing that no one is "super excited" about participating in GSoC 2015 (correct me if I'm wrong)...or you are all just still thinking it through.  It may be a discussion that I also need to bring to -commit list or -devel to see if there's others (not in attendance) who want to participate in GSoC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; An easier project could be a REST-based UI app.. I Think we've done that before though...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: yea, it might need "scoping" though.  Trying to do the entire UI (Admin + Submit + Access) is a huge endeavor (may not be possible in a summer).  But, just doing a part (e.g. just Access) may be plausible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Agreed, access should get priority.  It's simple, regular.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I'll bring this GSoC topic to mailing lists as well, and we can chat through it more there.  Mainly though we just need possible projects and possible mentors (who are excited to participate), before we'd apply.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Noticing we have ~5mins left here. Any other topics that anyone would like to bring up?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Package builders?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood is noticing the same vague reference that someone added (helix84?) into the Agenda: "There are several nice package builders to support batch ingestion, but none "in the box".  Should we try to adopt one?  Which one?  What would be our selection criteria?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; No, that was me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, ok. :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, what package builders are you referring too?  What to explain more?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; SAFBuilder</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, I misread that... I thought you meant *non-DSpace* package builders.  I understand now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And peterdietz told me that Terry Brady has a nice one too, right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Yeah, some Georgetown PHP tools.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, I agree, it might be nice to bring SAFBuilder into the main codebase (or even just into the "DSpace" GitHub project, if it doesn't "fit" into the main codebase)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; This is something that everybody seems to write for himself.  We ought to have a good general-purpose one "in the box".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The PHP tools might be harder to argue for (since we are all Java right now), but we could link off to them as additional tools</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, peterdietz, are you wanting to contribute SAFBuilder back to DSpace?  If so, I think that'd be a great addition, TBH</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (for anyone following along, SAFBuilder = <a href="https://github.com/peterdietz/SAFBuilder)">https://github.com/peterdietz/SAFBuilder)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Yeah, there's no reason for it to be "my" project. It can live inside dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; It could be /dspace/bin/dspace safbuilder &lt;args&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://github.com/Georgetown-University-Libraries/File-Analyzer/">https://github.com/Georgetown-University-Libraries/File-Analyzer/</a> is Terry Brady's thing, it's a desktop Java app, not PHP</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Georgetown-University-Libraries/File-Analyzer · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/Georgetown-University-Libraries/File-Analyzer/">https://github.com/Georgetown-University-Libraries/File-Analyzer/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Then I can retire my hideous Perl script.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It seems (to me) like it is something that could even potentially "live" in the DSpace API itself, so that it can be hooked into the "dspace" CLI command (like peterdietz just said)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: so if you wanted to submit SAFBuilder as a PR, I think that it should be analyzed for inclusion in 6.0.  I'd vote for it, to be honest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 for SAFbuilder in 6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; One thing I want to mention is that tucking it into bin/dspace might not be very handy for people who want to build packages but *don't* have access to the server.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Then SAFBuilder gets tucked into dspace-api. The CLI can call it. Some UI elements could also build against it. i.e. you feed it a .zip of csv and files. It computes it all, validates, then passes it to the next stage (cleaned up input, suitable for import)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Didn't we just release a feature to upload packages through the UI?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm starting to think I need to go read our current options more closely.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Yeah, so you could have RawImportZIP, (recently added BatchImportZIP).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yea, we did release a upload packages through UI feature. Good point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; BatchImportZIP requires valid SAF.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: I think peterdietz might be envisioning expanding that batch interface to make it "work better" with just a pile of files and a metadata csv</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; RawImportZIP would require csv+files.. It will bark if your input is bad. If your input is good, it will crunch it, and I guess import it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Super Simple Archive Format.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 hpottinger. Yea, if the batch UI importer could actually *use* the SAFBuilder, then that's an argument to definitely merge SAFBuilder into the API</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Really Really Simple Archive Format</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes we are a bit overtime here...but we can finish up this thought/thread</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think the argument is to bypass SAF altogether and just have a flat directory with asset and metadata files in it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (81d7fa56@gateway/web/freenode/ip.129.215.250.86) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; SAF could become dead. RawImportZIP will generate SAF as an intermediary step, but it would just keep processing until the import is complete. And sites won't need to bother creating SAF, if you can just hand over the raw</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; peterdietz++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: so, it sounds like the next step is just to get SAFBuilder into a PR for DSpace.  Then hopefully we can plug more things into it, as you just noted (peterdietz++)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; also remember that neither SAF nor batch import can currently import simple embargo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; So RawImportZIP would need a zip file, containing all this stuff. RawImport(2.0) could be a glamourous UI that allows for Dragon-Drop of CSV and files, and has smiley faces, and angry-face-clippy to alert you of potential problems</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: it sounds like a good direction to me...let's get SAFBuilder into 6.0 early and we can work towards enhancing things along the way ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; PR now!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; helix84: I think we're given a free pass to ignore trickier use-cases, and just say, we designed DSpace primarily for open access</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; peterdietz: you're not supposed to say it out loud</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; peterdietz: so I understand merging SAFBuilder as an intermediate step before we can handle CSV + bitstreams from the UI directly?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think SAF should eventually support embargo. I think that should be logged as a bug.  But, I agree that it's not important to everyone, depending on how you use DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; A PR would have to provide some functionality. I would make it so that it works from XMLUI before creating PR.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I also have a SAFBuilder/ItemImport enhancement that allows you to batch import a batch to multiple collections. Its pretty crazy, and pretty awesome, if your users give you crazy input</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Thus, the input is no longer crazy, since you can handle it just as easily.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I have to admit that if the goal is to allow CSV + bitstream import from UI, merging SAFbuilder sounds to me like a step sideways</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; helix84: I think dancing involves forward, sideways, and backwards steps. Its a process</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: not really.  importing CSV + bitstream from the UI would be a major overhaul (which could take a while to do).  SAFBuilder brings us one step closer, but I do agree that eventually SAFBuilder could be "refactored out" once we get to a full CSV + bitstream import</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, it's still useful for workflows that *do* include giving someone with access to the server a box of stuff and a CSV.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; peterdietz: metaphors aside, if I enumerate the steps for the two ways to the same goal (with and without SAFbuilder), I get SAFBuilder as an extra step</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: so it's a question of...do we wait a (potentially) long time for someone to redo batch import with CSV + bitstreams?  Or do we merge an incremental improvement with SAFBuilder that helps immediately and gets us a step closer to making batch import *easier*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I think it follows a unix model. Build a tool that does one thing well. (files+csv) -&gt; SAFBuilder.java -&gt; (SAF) -&gt; ItemImport.java -&gt; (New Items)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: the thing is, you need to build a UI for SAFBuilder. Why not directly extend the BTE UI with bitstreams.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; s/BTE/BME (=CSV)/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; helix84 meant to say: tdonohue: the thing is, you need to build a UI for SAFBuilder. Why not directly extend the BME (=CSV) UI with bitstreams.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; BTW I'm aware of a non-DSpace local project that takes metadata directly as spreadsheet files, not CSV.  In case someone wants even more to do. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; BME doesn't create items, doesn't it just edit items?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: BTE UI just takes a CSV though...you'd need a way to package up all those bitstreams referenced.   Batch import takes a ZIP (which is a package of bitstreams + metadata).  I agree long term merging those UIs could be nice..but it's a big project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; peterdietz: sure it does edit, create, delete, withdraw and reinstate items</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: so I'm not disagreeing..I'm just noting that you are talking about a larger project than just "merge SAFBuilder" so that Batch Import is easier to use.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; peterdietz: check out id=+ and the action column</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: so, *if* we have someone willing to do that larger project...awesome, let's do it.  Otherwise, "merge SAFBuilder" is at least a major improvement to using the existing Batch Import</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: I really don't see the extra complexity (compared to the SAFBuiler UI proposal). You make it sound like a large project, where it's really a smaller one (the BME funtionality is already in the UI)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Yeah. SAF or BME. It looks like its going in the same direction. So, an overhaul should account for incorporating features of both.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: then, PRs are more than welcome  ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Merging SAF and BME to BatchEverythingEdit, adds a bit more scope to the project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; But, it's probably best to streamline</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I do agree though that finding a way to "merge" the interfaces for SAF &amp; BTE &amp; "Bulk Metadata Editing" would be a good long term goal.  These are all *similar* but don't share the same underlying code yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: right. plus packager (AIP).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: don't take things the wrong way though... I do agree with you. I'm just noting that I'm not going to turn down "SAFBuilder" for a "PR to be built later"... But, if someone jumps at merging those UIs, I'd take that solution *over* SAFBuilder any day</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; So. If SAF were plugged into DSpace, and could do the import directly, it doesn't need to do the extra work of creating a SAF package. So, would we still want it to be capable of creating a SAF package? i.e. has some other non-DSpace tool made use of SAF?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: not a single person took the bait, I have zero free time, but would love to hear more about your local tool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Not *mine*, and I've told you all I know.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; peterdietz: I bet a lot of custom tools are using SAF. I have one (which I'm working to replace).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Probably most sites have their own.  That's what I wanted to address.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I know there is quite a bit of Perl out there to work with SAF</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood nods</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; All just going in the direction of streamlining the import process. I'm getting a little bit nervous of what happens to tomcat/nginx/apache, if you make the UI do too much... The JSPUI version of BatchImport is a bit more graceful, and uses a background thread</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; there is also the external Globus work at U of Exeter (presented, but not contributed yet)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Not just people who have created 1000 different tools to create SAF, to they can import into DSpace. But imagine you had the "ideal" tool, that could take CSV+file, and import that into DSpace. Then, 900 of those custom tools don't need to exist. 100 other groups maybe have too wonky of input, that it won't fit into the solution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'd be happy to contribute any local quirks that fit into a nice general tool.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes we are nearly 30mins over time here...but I'll not stop this discussion. Just noting that we are digging into our normal "JIRA Backlog hour".  We may want to "wrap this up" into a JIRA ticket or two to propose solutions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; yeah. I've got to deal with sessionID's and load balancers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Right now, I'm satisfied just to get this idea moving.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Shall I write up a short issue:  "batch submission could be less complex"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Then discussion can happen there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: I think we have one for unified import UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; DS-2204</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2204">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2204</a> ] - [DS-2204] Consolidate/Clean Batch Import UI code - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ok, that's not it, looking</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's a good idea, though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, 2204 is closed. it only referred to "batch import via SAF"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ok, can't find one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I agree, we need a ticket to track this discussion &amp; some possible options</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; if I had to daydream, it would be a UI using HTML5 File Upload API where you could drop CSV + bitstreams</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: that'd work great, as long as you don't have 5,000 bitstreams ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, I like the idea of using HTML5 as the "default" with an option to just upload a ZIP instead</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; it would immediately show you a diff of what actions will be performed, kind of like what the CSV import UI shows now, only more streamlined</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; My use case is when someone comes to me and says, "I have 5000 articles to load.  Is there some better way than submitting them one by one?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; heh, if I had a daydream, it would be the ability to change the order (and which) metadata fields displayed on an item view page in XMLUI, without having to muck about in a theme's XSLT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: I actually built such a tool (separately from DSpace) and it worked fine with about 1500 bistreams (no reason why it wouldn't work with more)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; *works</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: OK, maybe I'm wrong. I was more thinking about the process of *selecting* 5,000 bitstreams to drag &amp; drop.  But, maybe they'd all be in the same directory and it'd be "easy" :)  In any case, I do like going the HTML5 route anyhow by default</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; BTW the reason why I don't work on such things directly in DSpace circles back to our multiple UIs/themes problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cknowles (~cknowles@is-lac-maclap1.is.ed.ac.uk) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Currently I have one of those "someone"s with a thousand items, and nearly all of the metadata is either the same or follows a pattern, so he wants to use his spreadsheet tool to do the duplication and crank out the mechanical stuff.  So being able to submit it all in one archive file is still quite useful.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, I fully realize that, helix84...which is why I &amp; DSpace Steering are hoping to get us moving somewhere on that multiple UIs problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I personally kind of like both UIs but I don't really love either :p</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; got to go, see you later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So, what to put into Jira and who will do it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe two Issues:  (1) we need a less complicated workflow for offline batch submission (batch builder); (2) we need a nice gooey online batch submission system.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, two seems reasonable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; They can probably share a good deal of logic.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can write up the offline submission ticket.  Anybody want to do online?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Oh, dear, I feel a third ticket coming on, somewhat related:  factor all of the commandline stuff out of dspace-api into two new projects:  user tools and administrator tools.  Each produces an executable JAR that you can distribute to people who need such things.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; write em up, let me know if you need help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm not sure I can do justice to the online submission ticket.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: refresh my memory: eclipse, netbeans or idea?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Netbeans</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; that's what I thought</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Netbeans is next on my list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm not digging IDEA's Vagrant plugin alll that much, kinda clunky</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; there are a lot more goodies in this: <a href="http://plugins.netbeans.org/plugin/50630/vagrant">http://plugins.netbeans.org/plugin/50630/vagrant</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Vagrant - NetBeans Plugin detail ] - <a href="http://plugins.netbeans.org/plugin/50630/vagrant">http://plugins.netbeans.org/plugin/50630/vagrant</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; DS-2453</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2453">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2453</a> ] - [DS-2453] we need a less complicated workflow for offline batch submission (batch builder) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Drat, I poked the button without editing my working title.  It could perhaps be improved.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue has been pulled away for a bit.  Obviously though, our official DSpace DevMtg time is concluded. I'll still be around though, so ping me if needed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162188.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>