<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2015-06-24
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* terry-b (~terry-b@75-172-16-23.tukw.qwest.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* terry-b (~terry-b@75-172-16-23.tukw.qwest.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* terry-b (~terry-b@75-172-16-23.tukw.qwest.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ccordovas (~ccordovas@pc-196-42-46-190.cm.vtr.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-73-45-154-218.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-160110.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ccordovas (~ccordovas@pc-196-42-46-190.cm.vtr.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* shepherdk (~kim@ec2-184-73-177-234.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* srobbins (~srobbins@libstfsdg02.library.illinois.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:42]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-160110.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (~cknowles@cpc67742-sgyl32-2-0-cust219.18-2.cable.virginm.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome. It's time for our weekly DSpace DevMtg : <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-06-24">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-06-24</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2015-06-24 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-06-24">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-06-24</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The topics for today fall into three common categories... 5.3, 6.0 and Roadmap (beyond 6.0).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Starting with 5.3... we have some annoying bugs in 5.2 (some linked to agenda) which we really probably should resolve. It's not fun to have a 5.2 with a non-functional Browse by Title / Date, for example.  But, we need to find folks with some time / inclination to help squash these bugs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Well, I guess Browse by Title/Date is "functional"...the "Jump to" just doesn't work in 5.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; the OAI bug isn't great either</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, is there anyone who has some time to help us dig in and tackle one or more of these rather annoying, significant issues?  DS-2602, DS-2593, DS-2603</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2602">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2602</a> ] - [DS-2602] Clicking on a letter when browsing by title or year when browsing by date does not work - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2593">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2593</a> ] - [DS-2593] Withdrawn items remain in OAI-PMH until the next full re-import - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2603">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2603</a> ] - [DS-2603] The citation_pdf_url metadata is null when it shouldn&amp;#39;t  - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; shepherdk: yep, and the "citation_pdf_url" bug obviously can affect Google Scholar indexing (for folks that is important to)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is 2593 awaiting resolution of XOAI status?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no. 2593 is a bug in the DSpace code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I guess the hard part of 2603 is deciding how to pick a bitstream.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2603 has a recommended PR already actually, and suggests to pick the "first" bitstream (as bitstreams are now ordered).  So, 2603 has a fix that just needs testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: now that we have bitstream metadata, we could introduce new attributes like index-in-scholar</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We could.  What would it do?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: kind of like we've had the notion of a primary_bitstream, which was never defined and used for multiple purposes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Got it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: it would put the bitstream URL into META tags for cholar</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; What it does is answer the question:  which Bitstream do we advertise in META?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; rather than rescoping the issues here (into a new feature), we might just want to fix this for 5.3, and then figure out a way to do it better ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; in the case of 2603, honestly, it's DSPR#959 looks very reasonable to me. Just needs some testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/959">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/959</a> ] - DS-2603: now if the item doesn&amp;#39;t have a primary bitstream the value o… by nicolasschwab · Pull Request #959 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That seems reasonable.  New feature:  new ticket, linked to this one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, adding / enhancing bitstream metadata (and refactoring based on that) is definitely a new feature...not something to do in a bug-fix release :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, to be clear, it sounds like a nice idea to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; +1 on that PR as a quick bugfix for now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; the only issue with that is to decide how to distinguish technical / descriptive metadata, not only on bitstreams. Separate namespaces is a solution that presents itself naturally.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; but yes, I agree regarding the 5.3 schedule</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, from those three 5.3 tickets:  2603 has a PR (needs testing), 2602 has a suggested immediate fix (revert an old PR), 2593 needs a fix (no PR or volunteer yet)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone willing to volunteer to help move one (or more) of these tickets forward?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, and with regards to DS-2593, Ondrej Kosarko (who's been creating some PR's recently), has a custom OAI Event Consumer that could "fix" it...but it'd need analysis for DSpace... more in the comments of that ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2593">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2593</a> ] - [DS-2593] Withdrawn items remain in OAI-PMH until the next full re-import - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; yeh i saw that.. i will look into the OAI issue a bit and could volunteer if i think i can achieve a quck win</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; shepherdk: thanks...let us know how it goes. I'd be glad to help test. Just not sure I'll have time to devote to coding on it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; (i still have something of an old jira backlog to get through :P)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; You, too?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; glad it's not just me then ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'll take on 2603</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks mhwood!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think 2602 is a quick fix (just revert the old PR), if we don't have more time to devote towards it.   So, that gives us some direction overall on 5.3</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds like we aren't yet ready to schedule a 5.3 to get these bug fixes released, but hopefully we can do so in the next week or two (if these tickets see some movement)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other thoughts on 5.3?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm sure that pbecker would mention DS-2614</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2614">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2614</a> ] - ('Unexpected error:', &lt;type 'exceptions.AttributeError'&gt;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yes, I saw he's already working on that one...which is the only reason I didn't make a bigger deal about it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, I'll add it to our 5.3 "top priorities" list in the agenda</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; the problem with that 2602 PR is i think it wasn't realised that solr queries can and do take the "field:value" form, too - so special chars like a colon need escaping beforehand, not in the SolrServiceImpl</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; (beforehand as in.. in the UI, or wherever you can be sure that the colon is part of a query value, not a constructed k:v query</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; shepherdk: if you know of a better fix, please do throw it our way ;)  Otherwise, at the very least, we can revert that PR (which as you said did the escaping in the wrong place) and get a quick fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. So, I think that's it for 5.3 discussions for now...we'll move along to 6.0 discussions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d515329e1.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First up, as you may have heard (in mtg notes in past, and mentioned briefly at OR15), @mire has some "in progress" work on a Services API / Hibernate.... it's a bigger API level refactoring to try and build in more separations of concerns.  They want to present it to us in the coming weeks (speaking of, hi there, KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; sound cool.. makes me a bit nervous to spend any time on anything that uses the API in the meantime though if i</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; 'm just going to have to write it all again ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; From my understanding, the work is very much "in progress", and it'd require help from others to make it even viable to add to 6.0.  So, this initial presentation to Committers is about trying to tell us what KevinVdV has been playing around with, adn seeing if we are all interested in helping it forward</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The (still rough) plan is that @mire wants to have a video meeting (which we can record for later viewing) so that it's easier to present on the work and do Q&amp;A / discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@216.106.51.118.reverse.socket.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, this would essentially be a "special meeting" to discuss this...still trying to work out when / where though... I had suggested we could either try to run it as a "webinar" via Adobe Connect (which DuraSpace uses), or just try and do a Google Hangout (which we could live stream via YouTube too)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I know this breaks with our normal meeting setup.... but it might be rather difficult to discuss via text chat in just one hour</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thoughts? Are you open to this idea?   Again, if you were unable to make it, we *will* record it for later viewing, and we always could devote another IRC meeting to post-discussion (for folks unable to attend "live")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think I've made Connect work on this Linux box.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Currently the plan will likely be to have this in an "early" timeslot...somewhere in the 13:00UTC-16:00UTC timeframe (as that's morning for me, and afternoon for the @mire staff).  Unfortunately this means the NZ folks will have to watch it later (sorry shepherdk)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: if Connect has linux issues, we could just go Google Hangouts if that works better. I honestly don't mind which we use...the goal is to find a way to do a video presentation, Q&amp;A and record it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Oh, Hangouts is *more* difficult, as I recall.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha. Ok then :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I haven't had a problem with Connect on Debian/Chrome</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We use Connect here at IU.  I 'm sure I've made it work before.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If there's anything "better", I'm also open to suggestions.  Those are just the two options I've come up with thus far...and I, personally, am not sure which is better "cross-platform"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds like Connect might be the better route for now.. Anything to add to all this, KevinVdv?  Or initial questions from anyone?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; my experience with Connect at Google Hangouts is the same with Mint &amp; Chrome</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; s/at/and/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; hpottinger meant to say: my experience with Connect and Google Hangouts is the same with Mint &amp; Chrome</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I have been lurking here...  Adobe Connect appears to also have an Android and an iOS app.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; No comments on the meeting tools, doesn't matter much to me. But to pick in on Kim Sheppards fear on working with the api and redoing work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; most of my questions would probably be better answered by watching the video i guess.. would be cool for that to happen quickly so i can just implications for my plans ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Please continue work all it might take is some refactoring. But i'm always willing to help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; just curious, KevinVdV, have you looked at DS-1438 ? Is there anything to be reused from there (code, ideas)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1438">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1438</a> ] - [DS-1438] DAO implementation - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One other note (I briefly mentioned)...the work thus far is very rough / in progress. From my understanding, much of the code refactoring is in place, but unit tests fail, and none of the UIs have been updated to work with the refactored code.  So, we'd need to not only analyze the possible solution, but find ways to contribute to moving it along (should we deem it a good idea).  My view is that this work looks very promising, but</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think, in this case, it would be a nice bit of refactoring that would potentially feed into further refactoring work, rather than hinder it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; 99% of the unit test are oprational</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV...thanks for updating on that ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Yeah news is kinda new :D</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; And i got the xmlui to compile today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I hope to get that up and running in read only soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV: is there anything else we can share for folks to start to look at (if they have time)? Are you still working at: <a href="https://github.com/KevinVdV/DSpace/tree/dspace-service-api">https://github.com/KevinVdV/DSpace/tree/dspace-service-api</a> ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ KevinVdV/DSpace at dspace-service-api · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/KevinVdV/DSpace/tree/dspace-service-api">https://github.com/KevinVdV/DSpace/tree/dspace-service-api</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; better business layer/API stuff will be good for dspace 7 (kindof tying into my own plans which was about extended rest API -- i just only want to do it all once ;))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Aw... I'm feeling all nostalgic for the XMLUI all of the sudden... :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (looks like that branch is active as of last week, so I'm assuming that's the latest)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; The code is on that branch but I would suggest to wat h our presentation first. Since it might be difficult to get a grasp of things</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; just curious, KevinVdV, have you looked at DS-1438 ? Is there anything that can be reused from there (code, ideas)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I'm hoping that it will be possible to pull things apart into several individual features.  Github presents things all jumbled.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1438">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1438</a> ] - [DS-1438] DAO implementation - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In that case, I'll let everyone know once we have this scheduled. We'll try and give at least one week's advanced notice (so you can mark it off on your schedules).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I like the idea of using the official DuraSpace communication channel (aka Connect) as this feels a bit like a Webinar thing anyway</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Helix: maybe currently on ipad hard to check</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: Yea, it's like a webinar, but a little more "invite only" than a normal public webinar. I.e. it'll probably only be posted to dspace-devel, like a normal developer meeting (as it's gonna be way too techie for non-developers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll get us setup on Connect with this then. Any other immediate questions on this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, on to other 6.0 topics then...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is it tied closely to Hibernate, or would any JPA implementation likely work?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; Nope, sounds great KevinVdV.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; A few reminders, basically...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (1) We still need to find some (friendly) volunteers to help us refactor out the DBMS Browse (DS-2188) and Lucene Search (DS-2187) once and for all. If you have time to spare &amp; interest in helping us rip out some code/configs, please let me know</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2188">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2188</a> ] - [DS-2188] Remove deprecated DBMS browse support - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2187">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2187</a> ] - [DS-2187] Remove deprecated Lucene search index support - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Hibernate will be A solution but can be replace WITHOUT altering existing code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds good, thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Another small FYI. The database browse will be gone if we accept my proposal</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (2) We also need 6.0 RELEASE TEAM MEMBERS!  (not yelling, just stressing it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Hibernate doesnt play well with those sort of things</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV: excellent. Good to know ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Just putting it out there, so we don't plan double work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If you are interested in the 6.0 Release Team, please do let me know.... we need some friendly volunteers to help make this all happen. Or, I'll have to twist some arms ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; do they *have* to be friendly?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; they don't have to start out that way, nope</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; shepherdk: O</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; shepherdk: I'm aiming high on that, I know ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other thoughts, ideas/code to share for 6.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; i just want to share that i am hoping to get lots of extra REST features in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; to help build for some useful UI prototypes later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "shepherdk: and I also want to sit on the RT, cause I'm very friendly!"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I was able to get the DSspace rest to work with swagger UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: yes, I already said this at OR16, but it seems to be the move to DCMI TERMS got stuck half-way through</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; shepherdk: sounds great, really. That would be helpful for the UI prototypes!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; If there are people interested I could look into contributing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; to start with, cknowles and I might go through a bunch of UI pages, document what they're actually doing in terms of DSPace API, map it all out, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Swagger++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Kevin: I'm interested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; I started documenting, well I created a template :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; so we know what the new UI must do, and what a REST API must do to support something HTTP based (the non java one)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: it's an optional schema but I doubt anyone uses it because there's a ton of crosswalks to rewrite (and if someone did it, why wouldn't they have contributed it already)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; KevinVdV: sounds cool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it sounds like we've transitioned to UI prototypes ;)   Those sort of docs would be excellent, cknowles and sheperdk. I'd love to see them, and help out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I'll see if I can find the time to clean it up a bit ans fire a PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: yea, I understand...it sounds like there's no one ready to help move DCMI TERMS forward (yet) though...we do need to get it into the RoadMap</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; shepherdk, cknowles, that would be great, to have a map to our current "business logic layer"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; I’ll fill in a couple of lines and then share</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; KevinVdV: maybe don't worry about the cleanup right away, if it works, fire a PR, then let us help?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; well i'm sure help would be welcome ;) we were jsut discussing this 12 hours ago so it's just starting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; I can fill in whilst waiting for DSpace to build - an alternative to yoyo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; helix84: i made my life a bit harder with my or2015 live demo by being "proper" and using dc.creator of dc.contributor.author for everything</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; any replacement must keep your hands busy, while keeping you near your desk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; s/of dc/over dc/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; shepherdk meant to say: helix84: i made my life a bit harder with my or2015 live demo by being "proper" and using dc.creator over dc.contributor.author for everything</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; With regards to the UI Prototypes, I'm still in "planning how the heck to organize all this" phase (which comes after the "yay, we got volunteers" phase!).   I think we'll also need to start to narrow down our list of "all possible UI platforms" to a few that look / sound reasonable to prototype.  So, if you have "favorites" (or ones you'd like to try) please do get in touch (on/offline)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As for those who have volunteered to help (in some capacity), I'm beginning to draft up some (extremely rough) timelines at <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Design+-+Single+UI+Project">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Design+-+Single+UI+Project</a>  But, I admit, I'm also trying to work some strings behind the scenes (for possible funding options for even more help)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Design - Single UI Project - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Design+-+Single+UI+Project">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Design+-+Single+UI+Project</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; well, if it helps at all, I think Vaadin (<a href="https://vaadin.com/home)">https://vaadin.com/home)</a> fits with what we want to acheive, while being similar to things we already use</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, the UI Prototyping hasn't *yet* started.  I do plan to try and organize us much more in the near future.  But, in the meantime, I really could use thoughts on UI platforms *you'd* like to prototype (or help with).  I'd like to try and find some *cross-institutional* collaborators for some prototypes as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, if anyone is aware of a User Experience (UX) expert (either at your institution or someone you've worked with who may be  a contractor), get in touch.  We'll want to try and find someone to help *design* the look and feel  / experience as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; starting soon though late July, is the list of volunteers on the wiki?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: huh, Vaadin does look interesting. Not sure of adoption though, but it might be worth digging on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; I expect once people post up their ideas for the new UI you might get more volunteers as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We do have a UX person here, but that's all I could say for now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: good to know, thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm in a situation where my managemnet doesn't want to make an open-ended committment, they want to have a firm idea of what they are committing to, I know that doesn't help, but, it's the way it is.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Need to go, until nex time. Ps: I will look into making a swagger UI PR in the coming weeks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; i'm still working on the commitment stuff too, but i will be volunteering/prototyping in some capacity</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; cknowles: list of volunteers is not (yet) on the Wiki. I'll get a page posted for folks to start to add UI platform ideas and/or volunteer....and then ping folks who have already "volunteered" (to some extent) to see if they are still interested &amp; what they are interested in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d515329e1.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've got to run, as well.  Thanks, all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: these will get much more scope. I know it's a bit too "open ended".  I just haven't had time to do all this scoping work (yet).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; at the moment, I can merely say I am personally interested, and will commit my personal dev time... for whatever that's worth</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; yep, i need to go to work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; My "hope" those is that these prototypes really can be (mostly) achieved quickly (thinking weeks, not necessarily all in a row).  We don't want to rebuild DSpace in all these prototypes, just get a sense of the platforms</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; *though* (not those)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;shepherdk&gt; bye all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok..sounds like everyone has to leave, so we'll go ahead and close up this meeting for now.  I'll still be around for questions, but I won't call any further topics</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (~cknowles@cpc67742-sgyl32-2-0-cust219.18-2.cable.virginm.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* terry-b (~terry-b@75-172-16-23.tukw.qwest.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 250 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@216.106.51.118.reverse.socket.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-73-45-154-218.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* shepherdk (~kim@ec2-184-73-177-234.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Quit: Lost terminal)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ccordovas (~ccordovas@pc-196-42-46-190.cm.vtr.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ccordovas (~ccordovas@pc-196-42-46-190.cm.vtr.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>