<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2015-07-01
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[0:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Disconnected.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:44]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:44]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:44]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:44]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* JesseDhammu (0e8b3ac2@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.14.139.58.194) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* JesseDhammu (0e8b3ac2@gateway/web/cgi-irc/kiwiirc.com/ip.14.139.58.194) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-73-45-154-218.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-160110.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz_ (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qpxrbpzyeasznvnx) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-nitgvpbtgkcnbxnd) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz_ is now known as peterdietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers meeting... agenda at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-07-01">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-07-01</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If the agenda for this week seems like a copy of last week's, that's because it mostly is.   Unfortunately, we still need to get help squashing some bugs for a 5.3 release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (~cknowles@cpc67742-sgyl32-2-0-cust219.18-2.cable.virginm.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; here's the outstanding bugs we are still waiting on for a 5.3... DS-2602, DS-2603, DS-2593, DS-2614</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmmm...and kompewter is missing, it seems</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I just woke up kompewter...should be here in a minute</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; here's the outstanding bugs we are still waiting on for a 5.3... DS-2602, DS-2603, DS-2593, DS-2614</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2602">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2602</a> ] - [DS-2602] Clicking on a letter when browsing by title or year when browsing by date does not work - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2603">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2603</a> ] - [DS-2603] The citation_pdf_url metadata is null when it shouldn&amp;#39;t  - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2593">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2593</a> ] - [DS-2593] Withdrawn items remain in OAI-PMH until the next full re-import - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2614">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2614</a> ] - ('Unexpected error:', &lt;type 'exceptions.AttributeError'&gt;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Latest status I recall is that mhwood was looking to take 2603 and possibly 2614.   2602 is a simple "revert a PR" which anyone can claim quickly.  2593 had a volunteer to investigate in kshepherd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, it looks like all four are still awaiting resolution...and we've been having a lot of complaints (on dspace-tech) about DS-2602 specifically, so it'd be good to get 5.3 out the door</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2602">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2602</a> ] - [DS-2602] Clicking on a letter when browsing by title or year when browsing by date does not work - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; pbecker has done a PR for 2614, I'm going to review the code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, 2603 has a PR too, just needing test/review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2602 is reverting a PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2593 is the only one that still needs a PR / development help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Do we feel we can make some more headway in the next week here?  Anyone else willing to help chip in on a 5.3 release here?  I cannot imagine many folks would want to run 5.2 as-is (especially with the 2602 bug)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmm...lots of silence here.  Seems like we have a lack of resources on helping to move 5.3 forward....or just not enough time amongst ourselves for a "final push"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Awfully quiet in here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There was a netsplit a few minutes ago.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll see if I can find spare cycles myself to try and chip in too...not sure whether there will be much of my time in the next week though, we'll see</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Okay, so help needed in testing some PR's, and one issue is still at large</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I need to finish off some stuff for another project and get back onto DSpace things.  I'll try to make progress on those tickets this week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, exactly. We basically have these 4 tickets. Even if we could get 3 of the 4 done, we'd have a good enough 5.3.  But, if we could push to get all 4 done, that's  all we really need for a 5.3</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If we are not able to make much headway, I think we *have* to release a fix to DS-2602 very soon.  We are getting complaints on mailing lists as people upgrade to 5.2, and frankly we need to fix our browsing problems asap</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2602">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2602</a> ] - [DS-2602] Clicking on a letter when browsing by title or year when browsing by date does not work - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The other 3 tickets would be nice to add to the mix. But, 2602 is the biggest cause for complaint</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ccordovas (~ccordovas@pc-196-42-46-190.cm.vtr.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, not sure there's much else I can say here...just that we could really use more help. If anyone is planning on upgrades to 5.2 soon, you probably should think about helping us fix some of these "obvious bugs" so you can just upgrade to 5.3 instead</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Oops, already went 5.2 here.  So I guess we should be very motivated to get 5.3 out!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; I will try and look at 2602 but will probably be early next week as only back today from leave.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yep, if your users haven't noticed some of this issues already, they likely will soon (especially 2602)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; I don’t do a straight ‘yes’</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; cknowles: still, thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so that's a few responses!  I'll also see if I can find an hour or two to dig in on these either tomorrow or early next week.  Thanks all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tell you what, we're gearing up for an upgrade to 5_x, I will pull the commits from the available PRs into a branch and test a bit, if they work I'll just roll them into our fork of 5_x and keep going</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We can move along now, I guess.  My usual reminders on 6.0 are next ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1) We're still looking for Release Team members (you all already know that)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2) We're still looking for a few folks to try and help remove the old Browse/Search (DBMS / Lucene) in the 6.0 codebase. If you find time in the coming weeks/month, let me know</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 3) I'm still working with @mire to schedule the "Service API + Hibernate" discussion. I'm waiting to hear back on a date that works best for them...I'm going to ping them again today, so we can try to get this moving forward for review for possible 6.0 inclusion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Another thing to mention regarding 6.0. I was contacted by CNRI (folks who run Handle.net) about trying to get our Handle Server upgraded to a more recent version (we're on 6?, and they are about to release 8).  This relates directly to DS-2153</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2153">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2153</a> ] - [DS-2153] Move to a more stock Handle service, implementing proper separation of concerns - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if anyone is interested in that sort of work, it also might be a "nice to have" for 6.0 (or relatively soonish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Essentially though it sounds like the largest user of "old-style" handles are DSpace users... CNRI is migrating things to a newer platform (with version 8), which will still work with "old-style" handles, but they'd like to see us move to version 8, if we can</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm interested but don't know when I can work on it.  I'll note that 2153 should facilitate such upgrades, since we could just run the current stock resolver.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I don't have much more info than that from CNRI, yet, unfortunately. But, version 8 is supposed to be out in mid-to-late July)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I for one need to find out more about these "new-style handles".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 mhwood. To be honest, I think upgrading our Handle server would almost require 2153 (not sure how easy the upgrade would be without it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; What I know about the "new style handles" is that it's mostly a change in management of the centralized handle service...they are handing it over to a different "entity" www.dona.net.  Going forward, handles minted by CNRI will be prefixed "20.[handle-prefix]" (e.g. 20.12345).  But, old prefixes will still work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The way we do Handles now works well for us, but it also shows a pattern I've seen around DSpace:  a number of dependencies are treated as if DSpace is the only reason you would have them.  That's not true at every site.  I think we can do better at separating concerns.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; More info will likely be coming from CNRI on mailing lists. I've only just heard about this, and I'm encouraging them to send us more info so we can get it out to everyone (and possibly also then quickly find a volunteer to cleanup how we deal with Handles)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, so new-style look the same except for internal details, and old still work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; will this change the invoicing of handles as well?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, that's my understanding mhwood. There will also likely be a new, updated service agreement from CNRI (cause of mgmt changes), but I don't know any more than that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Are there MLs we should be on for this?  (I suppose they might consider dspace-* a good place to make announcements like this.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; cknowles: possibly, all I know is a new service agreement. Not sure where invoicing will happen.  Literally, I'm summarizing a 3 paragraph email I received on Monday...and I've asked for more info too ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: I've encouraged them to either post to dspace-* lists, or send more info that we can post on their behalf.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, all this being said, it points to us thinking more about if there's a way to make DS-2153 happen sooner rather than later, so we can upgrade to the latest Handle Server, and also (eventually) better support folks who *don't* want to use Handles.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2153">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2153</a> ] - [DS-2153] Move to a more stock Handle service, implementing proper separation of concerns - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm hoping that once this info is made more public by CNRI, that we can use it to "light a fire" to help make these changes happen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I believe those are all my updates on 6.0 stuff.  Anyone else have anything to talk about regarding 6.0, or ideas/projects you'd like to see considered? (Or volunteers for RT?!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Note that at this point *there is no RT*.  No volunteers yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK. I'm getting the feeling here that Summer is just swamped for most folks...both 5.3 and 6.0 seem to be moving rather slowly thus far</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; correct, we have no RT at all. Which is a shame, since it's already July. :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I also plan to bring this up at our next DSpace Steering Meeting (next week) as a concern with 6.0, to see if we can find folks that route</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; For now, moving along to the RoadMap / new UI Prototyping work.  It has also been progressing a bit slowly, as we've had a lot of folks on holidays/vacations the last month</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, the latest news is that Jonathan Markow &amp; I are meeting later this week or early next (once he is back from his vacation).... we've been talking via email about forming a "UI Working Group" to help us finalize the UI prototyping process &amp; kick off the prototypes in general.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That "UI Working Group" would consist of one individual from each institution which has expressed an interest in taking part.  It'd basically be a coordination group, to help ensure none of these prototypes are duplicative, and that we are all doing the work in the open &amp; in a collaborative fashion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm hoping we'll get this group formed in the next week or so, and then we can work towards finalizing the prototypes / teams, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I still do have my own (personal) rough schedule drafted up at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Design+-+Single+UI+Project">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Design+-+Single+UI+Project</a>  (would need to be verified by this Working Group though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Design - Single UI Project - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Design+-+Single+UI+Project">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Design+-+Single+UI+Project</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Meanwhile, is there a definitive list of what the New UI should be/do?  Not down to individual DSpace features; more like presentation features.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I also have started drafting up what the Prototype Process *might* look like (again would need verification by Working Group): <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Prototyping+a+Future+UI">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Prototyping+a+Future+UI</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Prototyping a Future UI - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Prototyping+a+Future+UI">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Prototyping+a+Future+UI</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: some of those details are on that "Prototyping a Future UI" page...it lists what would be *required* out of a new UI technology.  It's based off the feedback from the "Brainstorms for a Future UI" page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but again, it's only my brain dump so far...this content has not been run by anyone else yet...but, please feel free to send feedback on it!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; As kshepherd mentioned last week, we have been trying to document the existing UI and it’s calls to the core code not got far yet though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ccordovas (~ccordovas@pc-196-42-46-190.cm.vtr.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; cknowles: once you have something, please do send it along. I think it'd be an excellent addition to this whole process. We also might be able to find others to chip in (via this "UI Working Group" or similar)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I mentioned to cknowles that the Freemarker JIRA might be a resource, but it apppears to not be entirely public</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; tdonohue will do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That sounds quite useful.  We need to be able to see patterns and discover what we can "lean out" of the UI into the backend.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; old FreemakerUI JIRA: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DWMVC/?selectedTab=com.atlassian.jira.jira-projects-plugin:summary-panel">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DWMVC/?selectedTab=com.atlassian.jira.jira-projects-plugin:summary-panel</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Log in - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DWMVC/?selectedTab=com.atlassian.jira.jira-projects-plugin:summary-panel">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DWMVC/?selectedTab=com.atlassian.jira.jira-projects-plugin:summary-panel</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; need to find away to document without it becoming a huge task</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: Freemarker JIRA?  Oh, yea, that was locked down (to Committers only) to avoid confusion from users wanting to submit JIRA tickets for DSpace.  Do we really think there's use in a 4-5 year old bunch of tickets?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ccordovas (~ccordovas@pc-196-42-46-190.cm.vtr.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Any chance we can make a single exception for cknowles since she's helping us out?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: and to be fair, there's literally 11 tickets in the "Freemarker JIRA" project. Not sure they are of that much use</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I can give cknowles access sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; just repeating peterdietz, I don't know what's in there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, as mentioned, there are just 11 tickets</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and I don't see any that look obviously useful in scanning their titles)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; they might be useful as conversation starters with peterdietz or grahamtriggs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; they are the most recent explorers of the new UI frontier</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; cknowles: you now should have access to <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DWMVC/">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DWMVC/</a>  (and all Committers should already have access there)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Log in - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DWMVC/">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DWMVC/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; tdonohue, thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Just for context (for anyone listening)...this was an old Google Summer of Code project (from 2011) to build a new DSpace UI using Spring WebMVC and Freemarker templates: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/WebMVC+%28Freemarker%29+UI">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/WebMVC+%28Freemarker%29+UI</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ WebMVC (Freemarker) UI - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/WebMVC+%28Freemarker%29+UI">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/WebMVC+%28Freemarker%29+UI</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The code is all still in GitHub too at: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/webmvc">https://github.com/DSpace/webmvc</a>  (But it hasn't been touched since 2011)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/webmvc · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/webmvc">https://github.com/DSpace/webmvc</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; wow, that was 4-5 years ago. Still stuck on UI problems</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; :-(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There likely may be some useful concepts there, sure...but the code is probably a bit old at this point (but might be usable as a prototype of some sort, who knows)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, still stuck on UI problems.  Unfortunately that project never gained "legs" either so it was basically abandoned after GSoC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I don't know what else we're accomplishing today, but one of my UI approaches in the past has been thinking of a hybrid UI. Where you might present to the anonymous public a simpler browse oriented UI, and once you click on login, you get kicked over to a stable thing like XMLUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue was at the end of the agenda, so there's nothing else to mention anyhow.... I was just going to ask for ideas/thoughts/brainstorms in general on UIs / RoadMap</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Also keep in mind that submitters, consumers, and administrators have different views of the product.  There's no reason they have to use the same monolithic UI in their different roles.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: seems plausible. I've also heard that mentioned in another way of having a browse/search/access UI AND an Admin UI.  There's no reason they need to be the same thing, but we may not want it to be a jarring change when jumping between UIs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; peterdietz I think it is useful to think of the sections of the UI: 1) public view (search, item pages) 2) submission workflow 3) Admin functions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Thinking about gaining legs... Usually if something isn't in the core, then it has little chance of getting used. i.e. without REST, it had limited use (CRIS might also be in this situation). So, maybe a new UI would have to get into the core early to get adopted/used. And then how to you eventually cut the legs off of the old UI's</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; If the UI all use bootstrap can switch between without it being obvious to the enduser</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; though would be interested to know how many users most DSpace installations have for the admin screens</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is there a need for it to be non-obvious, if you're changing hats anyway?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; not necessarily between public screens and admin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Using a common presentation layer like "bootstrap" might be enough...but, if you had separate public/submit/admin UI with entirely different layouts / menus, that seems like it would garner complaints :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; One not quite so obvious thing is that we need all UIs to work reliably in a similar fashion with things such as character encoding</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; "Oh, a string of characters.  Here, do something with this, common business logic."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; right, but if one UI says, oh, lets defang this string of characters before we store it, and another doesn't... or one works well with UTF-8 while the other doesnt... things get weird fast</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Stuff that doesn't belong in the UI, IMHO.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As a sidenote, I got bored late on Friday, and I started playing with Spring Boot + Thymeleaf (just to get more familiar with Spring Boot mostly).  I have a rough experiment I'm going to post in GitHub soon (hopefully this week if I can clean it up and write a quick README) which could be the basis for a UI prototype eventually.  It can connect to DSpace 5.x using the Java API and read data.  Not much more than that tough.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; Gotta go, hpottinger I’ll mither you if I need help with vagrant-dspace ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; well, maybe the UTF-8 does :-) but I agree, defanging doesn't</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I don't see how bootstrap alone is enough of a "standard". Each template system is going to be radically different in how it accomplishes that. I suppose you could have a designer come up with "screens" of the 50 different functional aspects of a UI (login form, register user form, start a submission form, describe step form, upload step form, accept license</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; form, review submission screen, view collection screen, view item screen). So the 50 neccessary funcationalities, and then a sketch up of what each page should look like. You could then have one create each prototype to have all 50 screens, and look the same.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (~cknowles@cpc67742-sgyl32-2-0-cust219.18-2.cable.virginm.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; ooh, that'd be cool, a unified stylesheet... but... that's a lot of work for each prototype to manage, when only one can survive</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: you are right...it's not just bootstrap alone as a "standard"... but it'd be bootstrap + a common looking theme.  I was mostly just suggesting bootstrap since it can then be themed in a similar fashion across access/deposit/admin UIs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to the idea of a designer mocking up a look &amp; feel. That's actually listed on the Single UI Project wiki page</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; but, using Bootstrap for *most* UI pieces would get us close</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; even in Mirage2 there are things that are in bootstrap but the old Mirage styles were retained (like pagination styles)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes we are "overtime" here obviously.  I won't halt this discussion though, if folks want to continue brainstorms</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Mock-up sounds like a good first step, except...we are trying to support sites that don't want to follow the design.  Not just restyling -- they want to move stuff around, remove and add stuff.  Making room for that sort of thing is the difficult bit.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; bootstrap is good to stick with. I would prefer to have consistent tools across variations. rather than bootstrap for user UI + 960gs for admin UI.. yuck. If we had a dspace-ui-template system. i.e. grails thing, and then you clone it to build a end-user-browse variant, then a admin-user-variant.. Sounds like heads. Or you could put it all into one big super</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; app</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; We could pick a common-ish template framework (maybe Velocity)? and hope that templates could be shared between prototypes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I do think these ideas are all "on the table" for the new UI.  There's no requirement that the new UI is one overarching UI.  Also any technologies are still "on the table"... so if you have ideas of something you'd like to try out, maybe we could turn it into a UI prototype.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I'm thinking REST + building a DSpace SDK for various programming languages. Then php people can go to town, rails, java, javascript, ... I think people will want to have flexibility. DSpace will still need to have the one consistent out-of-the-box UI, but it could also support DSpace-as-a-repository-service</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: nice idea, but a part of me also wants to try *different* templating frameworks, to get a sense of which we like best.  If we only look at Velocity (vs. Freemarker vs Thymeleaf) is that good enough?  A part of me wants to prototype lots of options, then settle on a technology + templating framework we like best.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Anyways. The point is probably, do whatever prototype you want to do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, I'd say I'd encourage folks to prototype whatever they want (within the constraints).  Hopefully we'll be able to better formalize the process &amp; constraints once we get the UI Working Group established, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Yeah, I think probably Bootstrap is enough guidance, as long as we also say "don't run off the reservation... please actually *use* bootstrap"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It occurs to me that, whether we do one big UI or three? small ones, it might be good to e.g. explicitly make the admin. pages look different.  Like the way the shell prompt changes color for root.  Beware, you have ultimate power here!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; One other bit of guidance.  Put two Post-Its at the top of your workstation display:  "Share your CSS!"  "Share your JavaScript!"  This sort of stuff gets scattered all over, and it's hardly ever documented, so it's difficult for the new guy to figure out where things happen or why they are done that way.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: both are nice ideas... I do like the idea of making admin functions slightly differently styled.  It's actually something like what Confluence does. When move over to Admin tools there's a banner at the top that says something like "You are accessing administrative functions"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; When *I* move over to Admin tools...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, I like the brainstorms here. It helps me get more ideas/feedback on things to consider in the process, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other final thoughts, or shall we officially close things up for today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds like it's time to close things up.  Thanks for the discussion all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-160110.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ccordovas (~ccordovas@pc-196-42-46-190.cm.vtr.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ccordovas (~ccordovas@pc-196-42-46-190.cm.vtr.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kdweeks (~Adium@kdweeksmac.lib.vt.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-160110.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kdweeks (~Adium@kdweeksmac.lib.vt.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kdweeks (~Adium@2001:468:c80:a103:6959:e146:12fe:77d3) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-73-45-154-218.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kdweeks1 (~Adium@2001:468:c80:a103:6959:e146:12fe:77d3) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kdweeks (~Adium@2001:468:c80:a103:6959:e146:12fe:77d3) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kdweeks1 (~Adium@2001:468:c80:a103:6959:e146:12fe:77d3) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-160110.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>