<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2016-10-12
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PhilipV (~philip@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot_ (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot_ (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* terry-b (~chrome@71-212-106-93.tukw.qwest.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PhilipV (~philip@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Quit: PhilipV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@120.121.124.24.cm.sunflower.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@162.104.218.179) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~anonymous@55d40c3e.access.ecotel.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome. It's time for our weekly DSpace DevMtg.  Agenda for today <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-10-12">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-10-12</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2016-10-12 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-10-12">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-10-12</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we are *really* narrowing in on 6.0... which is awesome to see!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Before that though, I *do* want to mention that I'm out of the office all of next week (Oct 17 through 21... return to office, Mon, Oct 24) at DuraSpace staff meetings</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'll miss this meeting next week.  Is there anyone here who can take the lead on pulling folks together for a meeting on Weds, Oct 19 @ 15UTC?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fxdurjfrsldtmkdm) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (5fefe624@gateway/web/freenode/ip.95.239.230.36) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; You might want to repeat that -- folks are just now arriving.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; peterdietz, bollini, welcome, Tim just asked for volunteers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I can take the lead</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz &amp; bollini welcome</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks pbecker for being willing to call together next week's meeting!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hi peter! hi andrea!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; hello everyone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Hi All</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hi terry</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; hi kompewter!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; hpottinger: How are you?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* pbecker will be mostly lurking today and might be on and off during this meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One other thing to note prior to release discussions... Committers will have seen Art Lowel (from Atmire) is looking to organize a "re-kickoff meeting" of Angular2 UI / DSpace 7 work in the coming weeks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, anyone who is interested in that kickoff meeting, please fill out Art's Doodle poll at <a href="http://doodle.com/poll/5ycsku6r872vkzdn">http://doodle.com/poll/5ycsku6r872vkzdn</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Doodle: DSpace UI Meeting ] - <a href="http://doodle.com/poll/5ycsku6r872vkzdn">http://doodle.com/poll/5ycsku6r872vkzdn</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (And if you cannot make it, no worries...I think there will be plenty more opportunities to get involved, including announcements to lists, etc...this is simply a kickoff discussion)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That's it for quick announcements from me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; On to release discussions / planning</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we have two bug-fix / security fix releases forthcoming.  5.6 is already "out there" (but unannounced, waiting on corresponding 4.7 release).  The 4.7 release is "ready to go" (according to pbecker) but needs a volunteer to cut the release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone interested in doing the honors for 4.7?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I think lap will be able to do that tomorrow if you want</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 lap</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sure, that'd be great if lap is available to do it then!  Honestly, the 4.7 &amp; 5.6 Announcements are nearly ready to go (I have them drafted).  We just need 4.7 released &amp; quick release notes on the Wiki</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, lap will take care of 4.7 (thanks bollini, and thanks lap82)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok, I will ask him to proceed tomorrow in the Italian morning (so few 10-12 hours from now)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds great</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; tdonohue: please include a note that there was a version 4.6 that includes one security fix as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; so basically 4.7 will include three mostly new fixes. ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: we will... the announcement will be able 4.7, but I'll include that fix from 4.6 (and make it clear that was in 4.6 actually)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; will be *about* 4.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; thank you tdonohue, abollini and lap82.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so that leaves us with 6.0...and I'm pleased to note that our remaining 6.0 tickets are just "Documentation" related!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+status+in+%28Received%2C+%22More+Details+Needed%22%2C+%22Volunteer+Needed%22%2C+%22Code+Review+Needed%22%2C+Accepted%2C+%22Awaiting+Documentation%22%29+AND+priority+in+%28Blocker%2C+Critical%2C+Major%29+AND+fixVersion+%3D+6.0+&amp;src=confmacro">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+status+in+%28Received%2C+%22More+Details+Needed%22%2C+%22Volunteer+Needed%22%2C+%22Code+Review+Needed%22%2C+Accepted%2C+%22Awaiting+Documentation%22%29+AND+priority+in+%28Blocker%2C+Critical%2C+Major%29+AND+fixVersion+%3D+6.0+&amp;src=confmacro</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+status+in+%28Received%2C+%22More+Details+Needed%22%2C+%22Volunteer+Needed%22%2C+%22Code+Review+Needed%22%2C+Accepted%2C+%22Awaiting+Documentation%22%29+AND+priority+in+%28Blocker%2C+Critical%2C+Major%29+AND+fixVersion+%3D+6.0+&amp;src=confmacro">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+status+in+%28Received%2C+%22More+Details+Needed%22%2C+%22Volunteer+Needed%22%2C+%22Code+Review+Needed%22%2C+Accepted%2C+%22Awaiting+Documentation%22%29+AND+priority+in+%28Blocker%2C+Critical%2C+Major%29+AND+fixVersion+%3D+6.0+&amp;src=confmacro</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We have just two tickets left, and both are in "Awaiting Documentation" status.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I pinged Art in one of them today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As mentioned last week, I'd suggest we do one last release candidate (6.0 RC4)... allow for ~1 week for final testing (especially of upgrades, etc)...and then release 6.0 final</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; The other one was just closed today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, it looks like the two tickets left are waiting for docs from Art Lowell (DS-3315) and lap (DS-2604)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3315">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3315</a> ] - [DS-3315] Update mirage 2&amp;#39;s building dependencies (nodejs/npm) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2604">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2604</a> ] - [DS-2604] Creative Commons license assignment silently fails in JSPUI - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and thanks pbecker for pinging both of them again in comments</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, regarding RC4... did we have a volunteer to cut the release?  Are there any more tickets we are missing that *need* to get into RC4 or 6.0 final?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I can put some documentation for DS-2604 tomorrow. Just remember me about the procedure for the docs... should I update the wiki or put in JIRA as a comment?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2604">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2604</a> ] - [DS-2604] Creative Commons license assignment silently fails in JSPUI - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; mhwood volunteered to cut RC4.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood waves</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; +1 mhwood :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: please put them right into the DSDOC6x wiki space (especially since we are really close to 6.0 final now)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; bollinig: please put them directly into the wiki.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: if you need someone to review them, you could always link to them from the ticket and ask for someone to give them a quick read over</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ahah do you remember my English? :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks mhwood! I thought someone volunteered on RC4 ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: We can help correct english as needed. No worries ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, with RC4.  mhwood did you have a day that worked best for you to cut that release candidate?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; bollini: I always link the pages I change in the Jira or ask in #dspace for some reviewers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; bollini: your english is fine, I've read your docs before</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can start on it tomorrow morning.  I'm out starting mid-afternoon.  I should be back on Friday if there is more to do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds great, mhwood. I think we should announce RC4 (once it has propagated to Maven Central).  But, it can be a very simple announcement like RC3 was..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's that RC3 announcement: <a href="https://groups.google.com/d/msg/dspace-community/HfterQuVat4/07s5o-waCgAJ">https://groups.google.com/d/msg/dspace-community/HfterQuVat4/07s5o-waCgAJ</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Google Groups ] - <a href="https://groups.google.com/d/msg/dspace-community/HfterQuVat4/07s5o-waCgAJ">https://groups.google.com/d/msg/dspace-community/HfterQuVat4/07s5o-waCgAJ</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, I have that logged.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And with RC4, it might be nice to give an estimated date for the 6.0 Final release (if we can).  pbecker, do I remember correctly that you offered to do 6.0 final?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Did we want to establish an estimated 6.0 final release date now?  :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I would cut it on Friday 21st if all should be fine with RC4.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Then we could annouce it on Monday 24th (or late on 21st if I start early in CET).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so that said, I'd recommend we say in the RC4 announcement that "Assuming no last minute major issues are discovered, we anticipate releasing 6.0 final on or around Monday, Oct 24th"  (or something like that)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If we get it released / announced earlier..then we are amazing.  If it waits to be announced till that Monday or Tues, then no worries :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; It will be nice to include also a reminder about the re-kickoff of the angular team</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds good.  Got it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And if we find major last minute issues (hopefully not), we'll take things from there (and keep the community updated)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; this plans leave 8 days between RC4 and final release. Is that enough?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* pbecker wants to see final 6.0 asap.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: I think we should make an announcement on the re-kickoff of Angular2 *after* the initial meeting being organized by Art.  I'd like us to discuss in that meeeting how we want to organize development and how to do a larger call to the community.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: so, I think that announcement is separate from anything having to do with 6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: I think the 8 days between RC4 and 6.0 is OK... *provided* that we can get a few folks to do a final test upgrade from 5.x -&gt; 6.0RC4 (Volunteers?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As far as I've seen, 6.0 seems ready..but we really should doublecheck that upgrade process one last time, since it's such a major upgrade</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Have upgrade instructions been written yet for 6.0?  I have some notes from my upgrade to RC3 and I would be glad to integrate those notes: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~terrywbrady/Lessons+Learned+During+Upgrade+to+DSpace+6.0RC3">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~terrywbrady/Lessons+Learned+During+Upgrade+to+DSpace+6.0RC3</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Log In - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~terrywbrady/Lessons+Learned+During+Upgrade+to+DSpace+6.0RC3">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~terrywbrady/Lessons+Learned+During+Upgrade+to+DSpace+6.0RC3</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The 6.x upgrade docs have been written. They are here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC6x/Upgrading+DSpace">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC6x/Upgrading+DSpace</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Upgrading DSpace - DSpace 6.x Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC6x/Upgrading+DSpace">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC6x/Upgrading+DSpace</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (If there's any flaws in the docs, we should fix them...but these *should* be correct)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I can test an upgrade, though the instance I'd use is very very new</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Thanks.  I will read an propose changes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks terry-b</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks hpottinger, that'd be great. Any tests are good, honestly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; bbl</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If anyone has older versions sitting around (e.g. 4.x), that'd also be nice.  The biggest migrations though are obviously between 5.x and 6.0, so those are the ones we need to try out one last time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, and we should get demo.dspace.org updated to RC4 once it is out there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood, if you don't end up having time for that, maybe I can shave off an 1/2 hour somewhere here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, I'll remember that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anything else we need to discuss about 6.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (in general)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; terry-b: do you have any tests you have written to "prove" "everything is fine" after an upgrade?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; How quickly do we typically do a .1 release after a major release?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; hpottinger, we have a test plan that we run manually to test our customizations.  No automated tests.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; x.1 releases come as soon as someone(s) want them (or a major bug is found that we really need to fix).  So, it's dependent on who wants to take the lead and what issues we have to fix / fixes already available.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; terry-b: can you share your test plan, I might have a volunteer to automate it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In the past, we've sometimes had x.1 releases as fast as "within a month"...other times, it's more like 3-4 months. Just really depends on who needs them &amp; can put effort towards getting them out/organized</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; It is too specific to share.  We shared it with DCAT and Bram pulled from it for the XMLUI test plan he published for the testathon.  I would start there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yes, there are DCAT test plans</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; tdonohue, that makes sense.  I have a couple PR's that will be great to include but should be fine to wait for 6.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: see the RC3 release announcement...it had links to the DCAT test plans: <a href="https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/dspace-community/HfterQuVat4/07s5o-waCgAJ">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/dspace-community/HfterQuVat4/07s5o-waCgAJ</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Google Groups ] - <a href="https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/dspace-community/HfterQuVat4/07s5o-waCgAJ">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!msg/dspace-community/HfterQuVat4/07s5o-waCgAJ</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; About waiting PR I propose to approve them as soon as possible after the release of the 6.0 final</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; often after a release we have PR to wait until a minor is approaching, it will be better to start immediately to merge so to be ready at any time to make a release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; bollini, that makes sense</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We'll still want to allow a few weeks for sites to find things we weren't smart enough to break. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It would be good to go through other "low hanging fruit" PRs after 6.0 and start thinking about packaging up an eventual 6.1 release.   Sounds good, bollini</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood++ (that too)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But yes, there's no need to wait to work on PRs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; the same apply for old release... I'm just looking to <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1552">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1552</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3356 add turnoff authz system by lap82 · Pull Request #1552 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1552">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1552</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; will we start working on the new UI in master and move on with 6.0 in dspace-6_x branch as with the releases before?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Shall I create the branch after releasing 6.0 or is this done automatically by mvn:release plugin?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: that's a question to be answered yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; You *should* create a dspace-6_x branch though (after 6.0)... we always do that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; If I don’t hear objections, I’ll create dspace-6_x branch directly after releasing 6.0.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I think that is the right way to go independently where we might want to develop the new ui.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The question is whether it'll be initially "easier" to start Angular 2 development on "master"... or if the Angular2 UI starts as a separate GitHub project (since it just needs a REST API), and may be combined in later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, I agree... a dspace-6_x branch should be created either way.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I really prefer to have DSpace 7 on the master. This will make the DSpace 7 roadmap more credible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we can decide to put the angulajs UI in a dedicated branch but we need to work on the master to rewrite the REST, drop JSPUI&amp;XMLUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: I agree with that statement. The problematic part is it might take a *while* to get Angular 2 + our Maven build process to "work right".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it might be "quicker" to start on Angular2 in a separate project, with the goal of bringing it back into "master"...once "master" can be "cleaned up &amp; ready"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Regarding the REST API, has the project decided if we are recreating it off a new framework or extending what we have? Or, is that for the Angular 2 team to advise?  bollini, I remember you had some suggestions in the earlier discussions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That is:  we don't want to have a broken master for weeks (or months).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; terry-b I have proposed to switch to springmvc for the REST part</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; All of these are good questions. There's been no final decisions on any of this...other than "we are using Angular2".  Everything else is still up for discussion, and I think that's where our kickoff discussions should begin (along with determining who is interested in what pieces)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Thanks for clarifying.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; mhwood: what is the problem with a broken master as long as we have working dspace-4_x/dspace-5_x/dspace-6_x branches?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mhwood this depend on what you mean for broken... show a JSPUI or XMLUI in the master as we have decided to drop both UIs don't add much value</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd agree it might be easier in the long term to switch to springmvc (or even Spring Boot) for the REST part.  But, that would require some initial refactoring, and we'd need to find the resources that want to do that ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Regarding master...I do think as we kick off 7.0 work (and Angular2), one of the first steps there should be to *move* XMLUI  and JSPUI out into separate GitHub projects...and delete them from "master"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I can anticipate that we are ready to provide some support for both the angularjs2 stuff than the REST rewrite/extension</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; tdonohue +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I'm not yet convinced that we can immediately replace them with the Angular2 subproject...it might take much *more* effort to get Angular2 + Maven build working right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; to give the right message to the community I think that move out xmlui &amp; jspui is enought</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And, there's even a question (in my mind at least) as to whether we wish to stick with Maven...or even consider switching over to Gradle (which is more widely used for JS projects like Angular2 &amp; yet still works similarly to Maven)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If 'mvn clean install' on DSpace/DSpace/master kicks out "BUILD FAILED" for weeks on end, that is a message we don't want to send.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, that's a much broader question (not to answer now)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: we should be able to remove XMLUI &amp; JSPUI in such a way that "mvn clean install" (and Travis CI) *works*...but all it does is build a REST API (and other machine interfaces)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, until we start hacking up dspace-rest (and any other projects needing changes for that).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And then, do the UIs still work...?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Would there be a need to retain the old UI's for content creation/editing until the new UI is ready?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As we hack up "dspace-rest", I think we'll still want to keep "master" working/building....but there may be a time where "master" just builds a REST API.   Longer term, we'll have to get Angular2 + REST API into one build process.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b: good point...hmmm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.  I'm uncertain just how much refactoring will have to happen, and how widely the changes will affect dependent code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I think master is the place were we actual work on. If that work contains removing old deprecated code it happens there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I don’t see why working on the REST API would make anyone of us checking in code that leave master in an unbuildable state.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I've mentioned this elsewhere, but it would be an interesting state, to where DSpace only had a single "interface", which perhaps spoke REST, OAI, and SWORD. Would make our build process look like a standard java framework</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; We have AIPs and batch ingest and batch metadata loading and a REST-API, and loads of other command line tools</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; peterdietz +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Generally, I think the goal on "master" remains the same... it is where work on 7.0 begins. It should remain "semi-stable" (i.e. it builds, basically works).  It may need some points of larger refactor, but we'll work through them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: yes, I had also proposed that (or tried to) at OR16 DevMtg.  It might be nice to have DSpace be a Spring Boot webapp (one webapp) that speaks REST, SWORD, etc...and has a prepackaged Angular2 UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, that's a pretty large refactor to our codebase...so we'd have to think that through and find volunteers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I’m sure we find volunteers to remove JSPUI and/or XMLUI. ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I want to remove the xmlui :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; that’s what I meant.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, of course. I mean volunteers to essentially *merge* REST + SWORD + SWORDv2 + OAI into a single webapp.  We will remove JSPUI &amp; XMLUI without question</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; There is one change I want to make before anything gets remove. We have code prepared that allows us to remove EPersons even if they were referenced somwhere in DSpace (e.g. as submitter).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; We need that functionality in Germany (for privacy law reason you must be able to remove accounts)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue realizes we've jumped off on interesting tangents for some time now.  But, it's good discussion ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; And I want the new UI to not expect submitters for every item.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: makes sense, and I think that'd be a welcome API / REST change</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I need to go... good discussion!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so we've gone off on some (good) tangents here.  We are over our hour time, and I want to respect everyone's need to get back to work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; It would be much easier to bring this code into DSpace directly before starting the work to remove the UIs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (5fefe624@gateway/web/freenode/ip.95.239.230.36) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Can we at least log the submitter, so we have some idea who posted a bootleg copy of _Avatar IV_ on our repo?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It sounds like we have good plans for 4.7 &amp; 6.0RC4 &amp; 6.0 final.... we also have good questions/discussions to bring up in the upcoming Angular2 kickoff meetings (and I'd encourage you all to attend)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Essentially, I don't think we have anything else to discuss today. Everyone is welcome to continue informal discussion / brainstorms about Angular2 / 7.0 either here or in #dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I need to leave.  Thanks, all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I'm going to close out the "official" meeting.  As a reminder, I'm out of the office all of next week (17-21). But, I will be on email if needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@120.121.124.24.cm.sunflower.com) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Have a good week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@120.121.124.24.cm.sunflower.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks all for the hard work on 6.0, etc.!   And I'm glad to hear everyone seemingly so excited/interested in how we'll move towards Angular2 / 7.0 ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; mhwood: that is part of dc.description.provenance.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; mhwood: those records won’t be touched. But we don’t need the item to be linked to the eperson.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood left already it seems ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I know, but he may read logs. ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; good bye!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@162.104.218.179) Quit (Quit: later, taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~anonymous@55d40c3e.access.ecotel.net) Quit (Quit: pbecker)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* terry-b3 (~chrome@71-212-106-93.tukw.qwest.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* terry-b (~chrome@71-212-106-93.tukw.qwest.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 265 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* terry-b3 (~chrome@71-212-106-93.tukw.qwest.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-christel- [Global Notice] Hi all, we will be carrying out some maintenance to a hidden hub at around 10PM UTC (~20 min from now). There will be brief disruption and a loss of services for the duration. You may wish to op yourself in any channels you manage. Apologies for the noise and thank you for your patience.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:26]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-tomaw- [Global Notice] Looks like our maintenance window will have to move to a later time/date. We'll let you know more info when it becomes available.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-fxdurjfrsldtmkdm) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>