<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2017-06-14
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-karatkievich.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-karatkievich.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-karatkievich.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-karatkievich.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~anonymous@55d439cb.access.ecotel.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @here: Reminder our DSpace Developers Mtg starts at the top of the hour (15UTC) *here*.  Agenda is at <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-06-14">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-06-14</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2017-06-14 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-06-14">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-06-14</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Hey, kompewter came back. Yay! ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; great!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~anonymous@55d439cb.access.ecotel.net) Quit (Quit: pbecker)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @here: Hi all, welcome to our DSpace DevMtg.  The agenda is at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-06-14">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-06-14</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2017-06-14 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-06-14">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-06-14</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; First off, I want to do a very quick roll call to see who we have with us today (always hard to tell). Please let us know if you are attending (via Slack or IRC)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Here!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Here but probably not for the full meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Cosima and I are here. Hello everyone!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; Here in Slack</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, looks good. we have a good group paying attention today ;)  Always worth checking in on that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, as usual, our agenda for today is concentrated heavily on getting DSpace 6.1 out the door, and ideally before OR2017 (last week in June).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The *great* news here though is that our list of "high priority" tickets has decreased drastically over the last week...as we've had a lot of hard work (from all of you!) testing and merging PRs.  So, a huge thanks to everyone!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I volunteered</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, @pbecker is our 6.1 Release Coordinator ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; erm, here! :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I could release it next week or after 28th.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, here's where things now sit with 6.1 "high priority" tickets: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20and%20fixVersion%20%3D%206.1%20ORDER%20BY%20%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%20%20%20">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20and%20fixVersion%20%3D%206.1%20ORDER%20BY%20%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%20%20%20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20and%20fixVersion%20%3D%206.1%20ORDER%20BY%20%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%20%20%20">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20and%20fixVersion%20%3D%206.1%20ORDER%20BY%20%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%20%20%20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; kompewter is with us today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Namely, we are down to DS-3602 and DS-3579, essentially</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3602">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3602</a> ] - [DS-3602] Bitstream statistics are not shown after a migration to 6.x - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3579">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3579</a> ] - [DS-3579] Assess Context connection mode and cache management for DSpace CLI jobs - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (And yes, kompewter has come back to life...after being seemingly "blocked" from IRC for several weeks)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; could we start with DS-3579 as long as @tom_desair is around?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3579">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3579</a> ] - [DS-3579] Assess Context connection mode and cache management for DSpace CLI jobs - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'd like to dig into these two tickets specifically to decide next steps.  Namely, do we feel these *need* to be in 6.1, or is it worth considering delaying until a 6.2 (likely later this year)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Sure, let's start at DS-3579.  @tom_desair, any status updates on this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3579">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3579</a> ] - [DS-3579] Assess Context connection mode and cache management for DSpace CLI jobs - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; (3602 has a PR)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#1727 is 3579's PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1727">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1727</a> ] - DS-3579 Context mode and cache management for CLI commands by tomdesair</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; We’ve been testing it and there is still 1 bug</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; However, I’m not entirely sure it is due to our changes. It looks like "metadata-import" is broken.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; But we’ll fix it and then other people can start testing it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @tom_desair : any timeline on "we'll fix it"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I’ll try to get it fixed this week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; @tom_desair please reach out to me, if there is anything I could help you with.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Probably with testing the most important CLI command</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; 1727 also needs a rebase</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, 1727 does need a rebase, @tom_desair</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; 1727 probably isn’t the newest version?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; We’ll take that up together with fixing the last bug</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds good. While I hope this all gets done within the proposed timeline, I think we also should discuss whether 1727 should hold up 6.1.  In other words, if this isn't "ready", do we still release 6.1 (and reschedule this for a 6.2 later this year)?  Or do we continue to wait until this is deemed "ready to go"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; thoughts on whether 6.1 *must have* PR 1727?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I think it would be great to have it, but it is not a must.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, good to have but not urgent.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Let’s agree on the latest possible release date for 6.1 and see if it is ready or not.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree with that analysis as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so let's move on to discuss the other outstanding ticket...and then we'll talk 6.1 release dates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-3602 / DSPR#1774</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3602">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3602</a> ] - [DS-3602] Bitstream statistics are not shown after a migration to 6.x - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1774">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1774</a> ] - [DS-3602] Incremental Update of Legacy Id fields in Solr Statistics (w/ Solr Schema Change) by terrywbrady</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; This has been good work by @terrywbrady (who I understand has a mtg conflict right now).  But, from the latest comments on 3602 (the ticket), it sounds like this *may not be as severe as originally thought*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I think that comment is just XMLUI related. We should check JSPUI too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Namely, it sounds like XMLUI was found to be unaffected...and JSPUI may not be either (according to discussion in dev late yesterday by @kshepherd )</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, I agree...we should test this in JSPUI.  It sounded like in dev that @kshepherd thought JSPUI is using the same base code as XMLUI in this area...but we should verify</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; But then why did Adan report: &gt; When a Dspace is upgraded to 6.x, statistics of bitstream are not shown.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That's a good question, @tom_desair.  Terry pinged Adan on the ticket...but no response yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; There definitely is an underlying issue here that the Statistics should be converted to using UUIDs.  So, @terrywbrady's work is important to merge at some point.  But, it seems like there's a workaround already in the 6.x codebase, so this may not be a UI level bug</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, how do we want to proceed here? Could we get a few testers (of even *both* XMLUI and JSPUI) to see if we can even reproduce this issue?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Beside the schema chance this ticket seems to be almost ready. right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Is there a chance we can split of the schema change into a separate issue?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not sure splitting the schema change here buys us much. It'd mean we'd have to reindex *again* whenever we update the schema.  If we are reindexing in this PR (which we are), it seems like we should be updating the schema based on that reindex</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; @tdonohue even if this would bring us to the choice to pospone the whole ticket or 6.1?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think the question now is where we put effort.  Either we find a few testers to immediately test this PR (and include the whole thing in 6.1).  Or we find a few testers to immediately reverify this bug in XMLUI/JSPUI (to determine whether this is even high priority)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Splitting this into separate tickets doesn't seem worth the effort to me. If the PR works as-is, we can just include it now.  If it doesn't work right, then we need to determine if this is "high priority" or not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Currently, I'm not convinced this is even "high priority" and worth waiting on.  But, that's my opinion here.  However, I'm OK with this fix getting in, provided it is verified to work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Others have thoughts? Or want to volunteer to help this forward?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Has anyone @here done this 5.x-&gt;6.x upgrade (or could quickly test it) to see if this ticket is valid?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I think we mostly verified it “works”.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; The PR will not break anything and the conversion works. But the conversion might not be _required_.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; We did the upgrade from 5 to 6, however, we simply dropped the old stats core since our repository wasn't officially "live"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it sounds (to me) like this is an unverified bug (at least from us).  That said, I agree with @tom_desair's note that this conversion seems appropriate but not necessarily required</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I’ll do some more testing this and next week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Based on this, my recommendation here would be to *not* wait on this for 6.1.  However, if we have folks willing to put in the testing time, then by all means, we should merge it (once verified to work).  Anyone wish to agree/disagree with that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Agree.  If it turns out to be an active bug, that would change the priority.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; sounds fine to mee.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; agree, with mhwood's additional caveat</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, essentially, the summary here is that:  We have two outstanding known bugs with active PRs (DS-3602 and DS-3579).  We'd like both in 6.1,  but 6.1 won't wait for either of them.  Therefore, if anyone @here cares deeply about one or the other being in 6.1, please volunteer to help test/verify/move them forward.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3602">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3602</a> ] - [DS-3602] Bitstream statistics are not shown after a migration to 6.x - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3579">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3579</a> ] - [DS-3579] Assess Context connection mode and cache management for DSpace CLI jobs - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Time to talk about a release date. right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, now let's talk 6.1 release date</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; release date = hard deadline for the two issues mentioned above</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I’ll be out of office the 26th and 27th. we can release before that which means end of next week or after it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; releasing the 28th or even 29th would mean most of you are sitting in planes. right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; my plane ride starts on the 24th</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; @mwood: you’re going to or too. do you?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; Action: tom_desair needs to run. I’ll try to get everything ready by the next Dev Meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Out of my meeting.  Your discussion of 3602 makes sense to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I will not be at OR.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Not necessarily "most of us". But, OR2017 is going on from 6/27 though 6/30.  I depart however on Fri, 23rd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; Thursday the 22nd?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm out of the office 6/23 - 6/30.  That doesn't mean we cannot release 6.1 that week. We can. But, I'll be unable to chip in...and I'll have to notify folks on my end to update the website/news</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; well... hmm... are we holding the door open for anything at this point?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; release on 22nd?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; next thursday?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; day after dev meeting?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; It's really a matter of schedule. In all honesty, looking at my week (and what I have to prep for OR2017), I'm unlikely to be able to help much with this release (other than ensuring dspace.org gets updated)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; and if something really comes in super late, we can discuss if I have to release all versions on my own on 29th.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; we can always live demo a release :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I can do the release, I just wants to have some folks being reactive in case something doesn’t goes as expected.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I will be around during my normal hours.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That sounds fine.  Tentative for 22nd.  If we end up with any issues, we can reschedule for 29th/30th (and announce immediately after OR2017 if needed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; there *will* be some announcing required</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, it sounds like you'll minimally have support from @mwood , @pbecker ...even if you do the release during week of OR2017</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; @mwood was a big help before! :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; @mwood++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Announcements are already drafted. It's really a matter of when do we send them out.  I'd still like to see if this is possible before OR2017 (so I agree with tentative for 22nd).  But, if we cannot manage, I can always let folks know 6.1 is coming at OR2017, and we announce as soon as I return.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @pbecker : one general note here... we don't often announce on the exact same day the release is "cut".  Especially if the release is cut at the end of the week (e.g. on Fri).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I know, I did this before. ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In those scenarios, we cut the release...but avoid posting announcements / full details until the Monday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Cutting on Friday, waiting for maven central, announcing on Monday.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, just a reminder then ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; But It would be live on github already enduring that time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Doesn’t maven pushes it to github automatically?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Or did I had to upload it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, it will be findable on GitHub as a 'tag'.  But, we can just add the full Release Notes on the Monday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; fine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so we have a plan here.  We are aiming for 6.1 Release on 22nd. But, have a backup date of 29th or 30th.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; And as may day starts some hours before yours, I hope we can release and announce both next thursday.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there any final notes/questions/comments here?  We have a few minutes left, if so</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; @pbecker maybe do a language pack release prior?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; @hpottinger I will check (as always) if there have bin any changes since the last language pack releases.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; looks like there are 2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, to summarize this mtg for all @here.   Our goal for 6.1 is to release on June 22 (next Thurs).  We have two known bug tickets remaining (DS-3602 and DS-3579), but won't hold up the release for either at this time.  If you care deeply about either of these (or any other minor"quick fix" PRs), please help move them forward ASAP.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3602">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3602</a> ] - [DS-3602] Bitstream statistics are not shown after a migration to 6.x - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3579">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3579</a> ] - [DS-3579] Assess Context connection mode and cache management for DSpace CLI jobs - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks again all! We'll talk again next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; For 3602, should I close the PR the does not have the schema change?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady : yes, I think so. I personally think we do the schema change now, or delay this for 6.2.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; If anyone @here finds time to look on Github on PRs for 6.1 marked as quick wins, I would appreciate that!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's that list of 6.1 "quick wins".  As of now, none of these will get into 6.1 unless folks test/approve/comment on them: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22quick+win%22+milestone%3A6.1">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22quick+win%22+milestone%3A6.1</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22quick+win%22+milestone%3A6.1">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22quick+win%22+milestone%3A6.1</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; DSPR#1741 is ready to merge, as far as I can tell</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1741">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1741</a> ] - DS-2291 Autocomplete not working on Mirage2 by edusperoni Âˇ Pull Request #1741 Âˇ DSpace/DSpace Âˇ GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; Any objections if I merge 1741?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger : I'm fine with 1741.  Seems small, only touches Mirage 2, and you've tested it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; merged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; do I cherry-pick that to 5x?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; wait, that was a dumb question</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger : don't forget to close the various tickets this fixes (IIRC there were a few that were closely related)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; closed DS-3611 and DS-2291</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3611">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3611</a> ] - [DS-3611] Mirage2&amp;#39;s choice-authority-control.xsl incorrectly treats collection IDs as integers - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2291">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2291</a> ] - [DS-2291] Autocomplete not working in submission in Mirage 2 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; DSPR#1547 needs a tiny revision</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1547">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1547</a> ] - DS-3351 bump pdfbox version (bugfixes only) by helix84</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I bumped PDFbox up to version 2.0.4 using the GitHub editor</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@biolinux.mrb.ku.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>