<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2017-03-15
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[1:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 258 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@biolinux.mrb.ku.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* terry-b (~chrome@97-113-236-223.tukw.qwest.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; a heads up, I have a conflict for the dev meeting today, I'll be in another online meeting at the same time, I'll try to do both, but if I seem aloof or distant, I'm not, I'm just distracted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kohts (~kohts@ppp109-252-83-176.pppoe.spdop.ru) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @here: Reminder that our DSpace DevMtg starts momentarily. Agenda is at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-03-15">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-03-15</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2017-03-15 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-03-15">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-03-15</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Welcome all...and for those of you now in Daylight Saving Time, welcome an hour later.  This starts the confusing few weeks that is DST across the world ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; :-(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Our agenda today is nothing new. It's another touch base on status of upcoming bug-fix releases.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Before we jump in, I did want to thank everyone who took part in presenting one of our DSpace Webinars (and @claireknowles for organizing them!).  I forgot to link to them in the agenda, but they can all be found here: <a href="http://duraspace.org/hot-topics">http://duraspace.org/hot-topics</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DuraSpace | Open technologies for durable digital content ] - <a href="http://duraspace.org/hot-topics">http://duraspace.org/hot-topics</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I admit, I still have to go back and watch the last two myself...both turned into meeting conflicts for me. But, from what I heard, they both went well!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; These were a great idea.  I want to catch the ones I missed as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* terry-b (~chrome@97-113-236-223.tukw.qwest.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Another quick reminder: as usual, our DSpace 7 UI meeting is tomorrow at 16:00UTC (in Slack).  And again, that's now an *hour later* for folks who entered DST ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And if the timezones / DSTs are getting confusing for anyone else. The times are all on this Public Calendar, and you can use that to figure out your new local time for these meetings: <a href="https://www.google.com/calendar/hosted/fedora-commons.org/embed?src=fedora-commons.org_o5iransoopr4i05f7ajpkab7ms@group.calendar.google.com">https://www.google.com/calendar/hosted/fedora-commons.org/embed?src=fedora-commons.org_o5iransoopr4i05f7ajpkab7ms@group.calendar.google.com</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DuraSpace Public Events ] - <a href="https://www.google.com/calendar/hosted/fedora-commons.org/embed?src=fedora-commons.org_o5iransoopr4i05f7ajpkab7ms@group.calendar.google.com">https://www.google.com/calendar/hosted/fedora-commons.org/embed?src=fedora-commons.org_o5iransoopr4i05f7ajpkab7ms@group.calendar.google.com</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That has worked well for me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If only I could set an alarm on a readonly shared event.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, the calendar is what I use too. Though I have to admit, I have to manually update it whenever time changes occur. Google Calendar still doesn't support UTC as a timezone ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, back to the agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-03-08">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-03-08</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2017-03-08 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-03-08">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-03-08</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; As normal, all our "high priority" tickets are listed on the agenda. Most of these tickets are now aimed towards 7.0.  But here's what's left for 6.1: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20AND%20fixVersion%3D6.1%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%20%20%20">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20AND%20fixVersion%3D6.1%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%20%20%20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20AND%20fixVersion%3D6.1%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%20%20%20">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20AND%20fixVersion%3D6.1%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%20%20%20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In that list, it's worth highlighting, we have 3 tickets still in "needs volunteer" status.  As such, these are all in danger of missing the 6.1 release (and therefore being rescheduled for 6.2) if no one volunteers to move them forward. Those are DS-3287, DS-3447 and DS-3406</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3287">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3287</a> ] - [DS-3287] ElasticSearch fails (does not work at all) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447</a> ] - [DS-3447] Transition ORCID integration to ORCID API 2.0 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3406">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3406</a> ] - [DS-3406] Sub-communities and collections not sorted alphabetically - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If any of those tickets interest you, please let us know in the ticket comments, or simply create a PR for review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; When is the deadline for 6.1?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We don't have an official deadline yet. Waiting on a few outstanding tickets. But, I'm really hoping we can get 6.1 out the door in April (I think March might be tough to achieve).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, the deadline is essentially ASAP, but realistically, I don't see this release happening until April timeframe (as I have a few weeks of upcoming travel in late March/early April)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; These are all major or blocker, so we kind of have to get them in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ideally we do get them all in, yes.  I'd prefer that. But, admittedly, we have a *ton* of fixes just sitting on the `dspace-6x` maintenance branch...and it'd be good to get those pushed out soon in a release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, while I'd like to wait for everything, at some point we may need to simply cut a release with "what we have so far" and do a followup 6.2 once the rest is ready</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @tom_desair : looks like one of these other tickets is still waiting on docs from you. DS-3108.  Just a friendly reminder on that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3108">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3108</a> ] - [DS-3108] Support Shibboleth Authentication in the REST API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And we have two more tickets here in the "code review needed" status. It's probably worth touching base on each here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; First is DS-3389 / <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate/pull/19">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate/pull/19</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3389">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3389</a> ] - [DS-3389] Replication Task Suite add-on doesn&amp;#39;t work with DSpace 6 API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3389 Port RTS to DSpace 6 by KingKrimmson · Pull Request #19 · DSpace/dspace-replicate · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate/pull/19">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate/pull/19</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I know @hpottinger said he'd give this a test. I'm also due to test this with DuraCloud API. (Writing myself a reminder here)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I think that PR should be good pending testing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; soon... too many meetings</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; Action: tdonohue is in the same boat regarding meetings ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm currently attending two at the same time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The other "code review needed" ticket is DS-1140 from mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1140">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1140</a> ] - [DS-1140] Update MSWord Media Filter to use Apache POI (like PPT Filter) and also support .docx - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#1663 is the PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1663">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1663</a> ] - [DS-1140] Update MSWord Media Filter to use Apache POI (like PPT Filter) and also support .docx by mwoodiupui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: are we just waiting for more testers for this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; it's on my list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Someone asked for a PR.  Last week it didn't have one yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It does now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; awesome. Good progress then ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, this is pending testing too.  If others @here have *.docx MSWord files to filter/index, this would be easy to test out and give feedback on.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I’ll try to make some time for that tomorrow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; At a glance, to me, this looks good and is nice &amp; standalone (disabled by default).  So, it's likely harmless to add as an option. But, still warrants testing for any obvious bugs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks @tom_desair and @hpottinger!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think that's all to discuss here specific to the 6.1 release?  Did anyone else have (non-high priority) tickets or PRs they'd like to be discussed or considered for 6.1?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Not hearing any</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok then, I have a few other notes to mention around 7.0 prep/early work especially</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; First off, 7.0 REST API development will be moving shortly to the `master` branch of our main GitHub repo: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ GitHub - DSpace/DSpace: (Official) The DSpace digital asset management system that powers your Institutional Repository ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; This will mean that `master` will be less stable for some time. But, as that work progresses, it'll re-stabilize (obviously)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; whee!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; It also means that, if you are creating PRs, you may want to concentrate on creating them on our *maintenance* branches (namely `dspace-6x`).  PRs against `master` are still welcome (especially bug fixes), but may require more coordination with myself or the 7.0 team (depending on the nature of the PR)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Don't worry though, I'll be keeping a closer eye on PRs coming in...and I'll do my best to let you know quickly if something needs to likely move to a different branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; we might need a tag for commits that *might* need to be forward-ported?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (As a sidenote, we've been trudging through the PR backlog and are doing our best to get up to date!  We ask you patience with this as well, and appreciate all the great PRs!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger: we might...but so far, I do hope most PRs will tend to fall into either API changes or JSPUI/XMLUI changes. The latter should *only* be on maintenance branches (`master` has no UI right now). The API level changes are the ones we may need to "forward port" to `master` at times</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm hoping it'll be rather "obvious" as we review/merge PRs which ones need cherry-picking elsewhere.  It's not much different than our current practices of revewing whether a PR is worth cherry-picking to another branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If I'm proven wrong though, it's easy to create a new GitHub label ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there any other questions / concerns / comments about all this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; This sounds good to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; :+1:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, and I should say, we WELCOME VOLUNTEERS to help on 7.0 work! If you want to help on the REST API, we'd welcome it. We have a "new-REST" component in JIRA for this work: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?filter=13920">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?filter=13920</a>  Anyone is welcome to claim a ticket or add thoughts/comments to existing ones</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?filter=13920">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?filter=13920</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And you are also welcome on the Angular UI development side too, based on your interests and what you'd like to learn ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; you know what would be awesome? Webcasts of people working on the new REST and the Angular2 UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; you want to webcast people sitting at their desks &amp; coding? ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; He beat me to it!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; seriously though, there may be opportunities in this work to "pair up" (virtually of course) at times to solve / walk through specific REST API or Angular UI work.  This reminds me that we should keep an eye out for those opportunities</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (and pairing up virtually could be Slack or IRC or even to the level of screensharing / calls)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, that's another matter...and really depends on folks time / availability. Not pushing for it, just noting it could be an option as many of us are working on similar areas of code for 7.0 ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, back to our agenda/tickets.  We are still caught up on our "Received" tickets (which is great, no JIRA backlog still)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood &amp; I have gone through all our "quick win" PRs over the last few weeks. We've cut those down to just 8 (volunteers to look at them are welcome though, as most are tiny): <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22quick+win%22">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22quick+win%22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22quick+win%22">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22quick+win%22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Most of those simply need a quick test. So, if you see something there you can help with, please claim it! There's one or two that are tiny and have merge conflicts (i.e. they likely just need someone to steward them forward into a new PR)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll keep touching base on these every once in a while though (and flag other PRs as "quick win" if you see small, semi-obvious PRs come through)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Beyond that, I'm feeling like we don't have much more to discuss today.  I will warn that I'm going to be traveling a bit coming up soon...Out the week of March 27 and week of April 3.  So, I'll be looking for someone to run these meetings a few weeks in a row (but I'll be here next week)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone have other topics to bring up for today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; We had a good DSpace breakout session at Code4lib.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, yes, tell us about code4lib ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; 10-15 folks were there.  @hpottinger , @th5  and Keith Gilbertson were there.  A couple people were considering DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Folks shared the functionality that they are currently using and we shared a bit about the state of DSpace 6 and 7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kohts (~kohts@ppp109-252-83-176.pppoe.spdop.ru) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; There were a couple of talks on Hydra.  There was not a lot of conversation about repositories at the conference.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; There was a good workshop on IIIF.  I hope to do some prototyping with DSpace and IIIF this year.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; 10-15 folks is a good group, especially since I've also found that (at least some years) there's not always much about repositories at code4lib</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 IIF integration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; thing I heard at the breakout: people are impressed with our community, how welcoming we are</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; surprising thing: our stack is viewed as "simple" "easy to grasp" and "just works"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, IIIF has been a wishlist for me as well.  I vaguely recall someone saying they were "investigating" it for DSpace?  Was that Edinburgh ( @claireknowles )?  Someone mentioned this to me recently, and my mind isn't sure who..but I feel like it might have been a UK institution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; hpottinger:  I've worked with Hydra too, and I'm not surprised at those comments.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, IIIF + DSpace would be nice to make happen. If anyone is planning to move that forward, we should get folks collaborating</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;claireknowles&gt; I am organising a IIIF conference here tomorrow &amp; Friday - we have integrated IIIF with Skylight - so the IIIF manifest URLs are in DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; another code4lib breakout, not as surprising, there are quite a few people with inherited repositories, trying to figure out a path to upgrading</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;claireknowles&gt; We use open seadragon as a viewer which was really easy to add just js. We use Luna as our IIIF Server.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @claireknowles if you have some links to share, I know my colleagues would be interested in taking a look</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Very happy to hear folks feel DSpace is a welcoming community and "easy to grasp" ;) Great praise</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;claireknowles&gt; We are interested in using DSpace to generate our manifests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Awesome, @claireknowles. Sounds like we have others here interested as well.  (Glad to also know my memory was mostly correct here)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;claireknowles&gt; <a href="http://www.collections.ed.ac.uk/iconics">http://www.collections.ed.ac.uk/iconics</a> is our first IIIF in Skylight - launched to show at the conference on Friday - now't like a deadline to get a release ready. IIIF zoom on the item page and you can take the manifest to open in other IIIF viewers e.g. universal viewer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ None ] - <a href="http://www.collections.ed.ac.uk/iconics">http://www.collections.ed.ac.uk/iconics</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;claireknowles&gt; Happy to talk about our experiences with IIIF</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I will remember that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds like we need another "hot topic" webinar! You free, @claireknowles? :slightly_smiling_face:  (Kidding, I won't do that to you)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; Webinars are a lot of work, webcasts are easy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, in all seriousness, this is great to see all the interest in IIIF + DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;claireknowles&gt; :slightly_smiling_face: maybe next week ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so, we are getting to the top of the hour here.  Glad to let folks hang out here and chat further.  But, it sounds like this is a good point to "wrap up" the official meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Reminder, the DSpace 7 UI meetings are Tomorrow (16UTC / 12pm EDT) on Slack.  We'll talk to you then, or in this meeting next week!  Thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (And feel free to keep chatting away if you wish ;) )</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; So, I've been meaning to do a webcast on Vagrant-DSpace, if I actually follow through an do that, I expect you all to do one on something *you* work on and want to show off.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; the gauntlet has been thrown down</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; First I have to figure out how to transform a webcast into something I can read.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;claireknowles&gt; I'm happy to take part in a IIIF and how DSpace can fit into the stack Google Hangout - would be interesting to know others ideas/thoughts</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; that sounds like fun, when?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @claireknowles , I like that idea as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sorry, I have to run.  'bye, all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; UCLA Library has done some work with IIF, strictly on the UI-side, and we're looking to put data into *some* repository, so... I'd say we're "interested" in an integration, I will invite fellow devs from our staff to this hangout.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Is 16:00 UTC a good time for you?  I think that is when the webinars had been held.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;claireknowles&gt; hpottinger: a friday in April?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; In general, my Friday's are always free. Specifics depends on the actual day. Not everyone respects "meeting-free Friday"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;claireknowles&gt; 16:00 is good for me if we keep it to an hour - though we move to UTC+1 at end of March so 15:00 UTC in April. I can do 4, 7, 21 or 25 April</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;claireknowles&gt; Friday's would be better as Scott from Ed can join us then and he has done a lot of our IIIF work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I have a conflict on 4/7.  The other days would work for me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; On 4/7, I would be free at 16:00 UTC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I created a wiki page to capture thoughts on the subject.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @claireknowles  and @hpottinger , I will tag you on the page if you do not mind</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; Ok to tag, ping me again if I space on this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;claireknowles&gt; ok to tag</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;claireknowles&gt; How about 21st? 7 is my last day before leave so might be busy at end of the day</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;claireknowles&gt; I'd also be interested in a similar hangout to discuss DSpace and Archivematica</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;claireknowles&gt; anyone else looking at those two systems together?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I have attended several talks that mention Archivematica and I still do not understand what it is.  I would be curious to learn but would not have much to contribute</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;claireknowles&gt; @robintaylor knows it better than me, it is primarily a workflow tool for digital preservation, enabling appraisal, file format identification, file format migration and creation of archival and dissemination packages</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I will send you all a meeting notice to block the time for the IIIF conversation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; It sounds like it automates some stuff we have built as one off applications</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;claireknowles&gt; it wraps up a lot of tools that you can use separately</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I added a note about the meeting time to the wiki page.  Would the same logistics that were used for the webinars make sense for this call, or would we need an online meeting.  I can host a small group using Zoom as a meeting platform.  I can check if there are any limitations to using it with an international group.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; @kshepherd and I used <a href="https://appear.in/">https://appear.in/</a> last night to practice for the webinar, it worked well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ appear.in – one click video conversations ] - <a href="https://appear.in/">https://appear.in/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; @terrywbrady there was a talk at Code4Lib that disambiguated Archivematica and Archivesspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; @claireknowles we use Archivematica at UCLA, and people have been asking about combining it with DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; It's been an afternoon of "me tooing" eh?</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>