<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2017-07-26
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-karatkievich.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-karatkievich.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-karatkievich.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-karatkievich.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@129.237.146.129) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @here : Reminder that our DSpace DevMtg starts here at the top of the hour. Today's agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-07-26">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-07-26</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2017-07-26 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-07-26">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-07-26</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Hello all @here. Welcome. It's time for our DSpace DevMtg (agenda linked above)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; As discussed last week, we'll be keeping this meeting concentrated a bit more on DSpace 6.x maintenance (though other topics are welcome should we have time).  I'd encourage folks to bring topics to this meeting that you want to discuss, as often the agenda is a bit light (as it is today)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Let's start though with a quick roll call to be sure others are here / paying attention today ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Well, at least a few of us are here :slightly_smiling_face: Good to see.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, a few notes are at the top of the agenda to kick things off</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; First, I mentioned this in dev Slack, but we now have the capability to assign JIRA tickets to *any* developer (not just a Committer). However, you have to ask to be added to our "dspace-developer" group in JIRA to get this capability.  So, please just ping me if you want to be added, or know someone who does</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Next, @bram (and perhaps a few others) noted that demo.dspace.org hasn't been upgraded to DSpace 6.1 yet.  I admit, I haven't had a chance to do this (and may not get to it this week).  If there's anyone out there that'd like to help out and do this upgrade, please let me know</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I doubt it'll be hard, it's just a matter of pulling down the latest code, rebuild &amp; redeploy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And the process is documented here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/demo.dspace.org+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/demo.dspace.org+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ demo.dspace.org Notes - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/demo.dspace.org+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/demo.dspace.org+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, not hearing a volunteer. Hopefully I can get to this next week or something. Otherwise, it'll likely wait until someone else gets annoyed by it enough to spend 30mins or so on it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That was it for the two quick topics I had for today.  Were there 6.x tickets (for a possible 6.2 at some point) that anyone wanted to discuss today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; DS-3602</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3602">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3602</a> ] - [DS-3602] Bitstream statistics are not shown after a migration to 6.x - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; We have a PR for 7x (as of now) that changes the solr schema.  There is another PR now ready for retest and merge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; There is some code StatisticsDataVisits that is in need of a re-factor.  I made the most minimal changes that I could to resolve a bug in the reporting of legacy stats</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, looks like you pinged @aroman again on this, which is good as he seemed to be a good tester</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; hey there, sorry, distracted by work work, but, I'll update demo, you know, 6.1 was a security release and all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks @hpottinger!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; If we can re-factor the stats reporting code, it would be helpful to report descendant DSO views when looking at usage stats for a Coll or Comm.  I added a ticket for that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3657">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3657</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3657] Usage statistics for a community/collection should show counts of bitstream views and item views - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3657">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3657</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3657">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3657</a> ] - [DS-3657] Usage statistics for a community/collection should show counts of bitstream views and item views - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady : yes, that seems like a good idea in general...though I'm not sure how high priority that is for DSpace 7 yet (until we get REST API endpoints for stats &amp; a new UI for them)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, it's good to have a ticket there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; That makes sense.  I am unclear if this old code lives on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DSpace 7 is essentially the same underlying code in DSpace 6...so, I'm sure the code lives on there... it's just a matter of re-surfacing it through the new DSpace 7 REST API (so that it becomes more easily testable, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Fyi, I have integrated DSpace 6.1 with our local changes on my test server. I plan to run through my test plan.  I will be reporting any errors that I uncover.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; Action: tom_desair joins the meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, @terrywbrady regarding your 6.x fix, I'd like to see if we can get @aroman to test it again...and maybe someone else here can help with a code review too.  At a glance the PR loooks reasonable: DSPR#1782</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1782">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1782</a> ] - [DS-3602] Ensure Consistent Use of Legacy Id in Usage Queries by terrywbrady</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @tom_desair , I know you tested this before.  If you have a chance, could you do a re-test as well?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Yes that shouldn’t be a lot of work. I’ll also test the “duplicate” facet issue reported there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And, just to check in, it sounds like we've verified that we definitely *don't* need the bigger Solr Schema change in 6.x?  Just want to be sure that we know exactly what should be in 6.2 vs 7.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I wish I had a stronger opinion on the matter...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm fine either way. If it makes your life easier, push for it @terrywbrady .  I just don't have an opinion myself (cause I don't tend to use these stats, TBH).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I am eager to get the complete solution in place, but it would add complexity to the upgrade process.  I guess I am looking for someone else to say yes lets do it now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd only develop a "strong opinion" if we found that the lack of the schema change actually *breaks* something in 6.x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; That makes sense.  I will keep an eye out for related errors as I run my tests locally.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks, @terrywbrady, sounds good.  And thanks for being willing to run 6.1 through your tests and reporting back</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Agreed if the “consistent use of legacy id” fix repairs the behaviour in 6, I would postpone the schema change to 7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Thanks.  I appreciate the confirmation of our plan</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other 6.x tickets that anyone wants to discuss today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I just wanted to report that there are two Hibernate bugs in 6.1: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3648">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3648</a> and <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3656">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3656</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3648] XMLUI Batch Import Failure - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3648">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3648</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3656] DOIOrganiser CLI does not change the database anymore - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3656">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3656</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3648">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3648</a> ] - [DS-3648] XMLUI Batch Import Failure - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3656">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3656</a> ] - [DS-3656] DOIOrganiser CLI does not change the database anymore - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @tom_desair: yes, thanks for the note.  Sounds like you are still working on 3648 (from the comments).  Is 3656 looking for review/tests now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Correct. I’m still investigating DS-3648 more. Hibernate can really drive me crazy sometimes :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3648">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3648</a> ] - [DS-3648] XMLUI Batch Import Failure - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; But at least the hibernate layer will be stable when we release DSpace 7 ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, are we sure (with all the caching changes in 6.1) these same sorts of issues won't pop up elsewhere?  (I know we can never be 100% sure, but this is an opportunity perhaps to look back at the past changes for similar issues)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd just rather we do some due diligence to dig deeper now and fix these in a 6.2 together...instead of discovering a new one every few months ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Once demo.dspace.org is updated, is there some way to ask the community to run through test scenarios (as was done for 6.0)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Agreed. But it would help if more people would help testing stuff before we cut a release and not only test the new version when the release is published.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; Best way to ask the community is to, erm, ask the community :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Maybe for the next release, we should cut a 6.2-rc and then ask people to test that release candidate.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady : we could ask DCAT that question specifically. See if they'd be willing to do/organize a mini-Testathon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DCAT wrote up some XMLUI/JSPUI test plans, so maybe we can convince them to do another run through of those test plans</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Would it be best to do that with 6.1 or to plan for a 6.2-rc?  I know 6.1 was particularly tricky with the security patches.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; let's just consider 6.1 an RC for 6.2?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; likely depends on the schedule for 6.2 (and who wants to lead that release).  Though we could always simply update demo to the latest on the 6.x branch, in which case this question doesn't matter so much (it's like a pre-6.2-rc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; To be frank here, I won't be able to lead a 6.2 release. I do think it's important to have one, but my concentration *needs* to move to 7.0 if we are going to get that out in a semi-timely manner.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; At some sites it would make a big difference, asking them to test vs. to install and test.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; demo will be running 6.1 later toay</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Publishing a Release Candidate can give a signal to the (user) community that we consider the next version to be “final”. Then they can help testing it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I think it’s easier to motivate people to (re)test a release candidate than to find multiple testers for each PR.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree with that, ideally we are having them test a Release Candidate. But, to get to an RC is a very vague timeline (at least right now). So, if we are worried about certain aspects of 6.1 *now*, then waiting until 6.2-RC could (potentially) be a long wait.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; The next DCAT is 8/8.  I will as Bram and Maureen if I can have some time on the agenda.  Perhaps we can ask them for both.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, the question in my mind is *when do we want this testing?*  If we want it "very soon" it likely needs to simply be smaller testathon against demo.dspace.org (and/or 6.1).  If we are just talking about wanting it "before 6.2", then we wait until we have a 6.2 lead &amp; a release candidate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; So:  if we need testers to find stuff for us to fix in 6.2, then they can use demo.  When we need testers for stuff we've fixed, it would be good if we can put all of that into an RC.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I think that we ask for both.  They can test 6.1 right away.  That is good practice for the rc testing that we will need again.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady : sounds good to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; +!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; (use demo later today, after I say I'm done updating it, *or* someone else runs off and does the job before me)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; we need a 6.2 RC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; This all sounds good to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; RC is a vague abbreviation ;) I think @hpottinger is asking for a Release Coordinator (and not a Release Candidate)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; yup yup</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree, we need someone to lead the 6.2 release, and start to schedule that out (even with vague timelines right now)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I wonder if there is a good way to instrument demo so that we gather some data which might hint at good places to look for performance issues.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; demo runs Yourkit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not pushing too hard on that now though, as it seems like we don't have anything *yet* to go into 6.2 (just some PRs that are starting to line up).  So, in the meantime, I'd just ask everyone to think about  leading the 6.2 release (and/or talk to your boss about it, if you are interested)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; We should also ask the community to test 6.1 so that we uncover bugs that we can fix in the 6.2 release candidate.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; demo.dspace.org does run YourKit.  Docs on all that are at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/demo.dspace.org+Notes#demo.dspace.orgNotes-JavaProfilingusingYourKit">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/demo.dspace.org+Notes#demo.dspace.orgNotes-JavaProfilingusingYourKit</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; It sounds like one area where we will need some testing is in the command line scripts.  Would we have any recommendations for coordinating that with community testers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ demo.dspace.org Notes - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/demo.dspace.org+Notes#demo.dspace.orgNotes-JavaProfilingusingYourKit">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/demo.dspace.org+Notes#demo.dspace.orgNotes-JavaProfilingusingYourKit</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; only reason I asked is there seems to be strong interest in doing a very formal 6.2, so... I infer an interest in leading 6.2 must be there somewhere...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Hardy, can you explain what that statement means?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (I think we have several conversations going on here at once ;)  I think Hardy was referring to my note about not pushing on getting a volunteer to lead 6.2 quite yet)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; ^^ yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Not exactly formal. I just think we need to find a way to motivate people to test a new release before the actual release is published (and we’re stuck with the bugs).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Maybe concurrently we can capture some of what people do with command line testing, to form the nucleus of an automated functional-test suite.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; @mwood++ yes, MOAR TESTS!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; Action: tom_desair needs to run now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think these are all good ideas.  I don't have immediate answers, but it makes me wonder if we should form a 6.2 Release Team (to make these decisions) or a more general 6.x Working Group (to parallel the 7.0 one)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Maureen and Bram,  In today's developer meeting, we determined that we need some community assistance with testing.  The DSpace 6.1 release touched several portions of the system that would benefit from end-user testing as was done during the 6.0 testathon.  Also, if/when a DSpace 6.2 release is created we would like to perform user testing on the release.  Could I have a few minutes at the next DCAT meet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; about how this might work?  Thanks, Terry</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I do think we'll need an RT if we're going to do release candidates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In other words, I'd like to find a way to empower you all to make these decisions for 6.2 / 6.x.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, I think we'd need/want a 6.2 Release Team if we want to do a more extensive release, involving a release candidate, mini-testathon, etc.  We didn't do a lot of that for 6.1, as we had no release team, and were rushing to fix security issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; This is tricky because I want to work on 7x as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; and we don't usually do an RC for minor releases, though 6.1 did get a little big, didn't it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; We had a high priority issue that killed the momentum that I was starting to get with 7x.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; heads up, I have to run to a standup at the top of the hour</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady : I understand the feeling. That's part of the balance I'm also having to deal with.  I'm trying to help the 7.x team get moving quicker (and pull more people in), and at the same time, realizing 6.x isn't gonna just be "done"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; it's OK, we make bugfix releases, we find bugs, we fix 'em, we crank out a new release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Maybe we trying and do a quick, less formal 6.2...but that involves making some compromises.. it could be something like:  (1) Ask DCAT for 6.1 testing, (2) Quickly resolve any major bugs, (3) Quickly release a 6.2 (skipping a formal Release Candidate unless someone steps forward to do it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; sounds fine to me, we just iterate over that until we are all happy with the results</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Staging that out to something more formal, involving a release team, and Release Candidate(s) will take much longer and require more time/effort from individuals</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (even if it's "ideally" done that way)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; 6.0 was a big refactor, it makes sense we'd be shaking bugs out for a while</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Well, we have a number of issues already filed against 6_x, and we separately have some speculation that there may be as-yet-unknown performance/caching issues.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; Action: tdonohue realizes we are at the top of the hour here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; oh, yes, I'll be back in about 15 minutes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Perhaps we need to pick this up next week?  To summarize... it sounds like we have two options:  (1) A more formal 6.2 planned release (likely requiring a release team, release candidate(s) and more effort), or (2) a quick, ad-hoc "just fix the big bugs" 6.2 release (less formal, less effort, but may not necessarily catch everything)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Or (3) a quick 6.2 and a longer-term 6.3.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; There are pros/cons to each... but the first option definitely requires individuals here to step forward and volunteer to be on a 6.2 Release Team (of sorts)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood : Yes, I was just keeping this to one release at a time. But, you are correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I sent a note to Bram and Maureen to chat about a mini-Testathon (to find bugs in 6.1 and to support the next release)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks @terrywbrady</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, let's close up for today. I'll add a topic to next week's mtg about discussing 6.2 planning further (and try and summarize these discussions there)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I unfortunately have to run (too much to do this week), but if others want to continue discussion and/or do JIRA/PR reviews, you are welcome to do so (and I can always catch up later)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; bye all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; &gt; it could be something like:  (1) Ask DCAT for 6.1 testing, (2) Quickly resolve any major bugs, (3) Quickly release a 6.2 (skipping a formal Release Candidate unless someone steps forward to do it) I like this. But before (3) I would first publish a 6.2 release candidate that users can download and test. Then we wait for 1 or 2 week. If there is no feedback on the 6.2 release candidate, we publish the 6.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; feedback, we fix the bugs and release 6.2.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I've already started next week's agenda...  Please feel free to enhance as needed: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-08-02">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-08-02</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2017-08-02 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-08-02">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-08-02</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>