<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2017-05-31
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cherryh.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cherryh.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cherryh.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cherryh.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@biolinux.mrb.ku.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kompewter (~kompewter@50.17.201.82) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@biolinux.mrb.ku.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* AlexS[zedat] (~Alexander@home.zedat.fu-berlin.de) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* AlexS[zedat] (~Alexander@home.zedat.fu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @here: Reminder that our weekly DSpace Developers Meeting starts here at the top of the hour. Agenda at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-05-31">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-05-31</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @here: it's DSpace Developers Meeting time!  Agenda is at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-05-31">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-05-31</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Attendance is light today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; As a sidenote, it seems kompewter cannot get back into IRC...so, this meeting will have to be without kompewter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Quick role call, who is with us today in either IRC or Slack (I see mhwood is here)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I have a conflicting meeting today.  As an update, I will be investigating <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3602">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3602</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Any estimated timeline on status of that, @terrywbrady ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Pinging other committers.... @hpottinger you here? @pbecker any chance you are around?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds like we are a small group again.... which is unfortunate considering it seems like our list of 6.x bugs has grown a bit this past week :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, well, I'd still say let's go through the high priority tickets we have for 6.1/5.7, and see if we can move any forward. Hopefully others will pop online in a bit (or read up on this later)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The high priority tickets are in the agenda, or here: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=filter+%3D+13904+ORDER+BY+fixVersion+DESC%2C+priority+DESC+++&amp;src=confmacro">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=filter+%3D+13904+ORDER+BY+fixVersion+DESC%2C+priority+DESC+++&amp;src=confmacro</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll only look at those flagged for either 5.7 or 6.1 (obviously)...there's a lot in that list near the end that are for 7.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; First up, looking at <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3551">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3551</a> (flagged for 5.7)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Assigned to @kshepherd for testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; hey there, sorry, was distracted, but I'm here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; Action: tom_desair is here but not for the full meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And it looks like Kim has been given some more hints in the comments on testing this... so, I'm hoping maybe he can move this forward later today (it's middle of the night still in NZ)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm going to move along here...hopefully @kshepherd will ping us later today when he's online</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up, <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3582">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3582</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; This is seemingly a JSPUI specific issue, which looks to still need a volunteer to investigate. It also looks like it (might) have a workaround. Is this really still a "blocker"? Or does it need more details?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; Needs more details, I can't reproduce it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Looking closer at the comments, it seems like there's a quick fix here at least...hopefully we can get a PR for that quick fix at a minimum</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; however.... there are a *lot* of details in the comments, I think there's enough there for a PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Adding a comment to request a PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; For 3602, I have just started investigation.  I suspect that the issue is not with the statistics recording at runtime.  I suspect it is a migration issue.  I need to validate that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks @terrywbrady for the update here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving along to the next ticket... <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3604">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3604</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; This is another in "Needs Volunteer" status, flagged for 6.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (And a new issue as of last week)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Is there anyone here interested in volunteering to move this forward (hopefully to a PR)?  It sounds like there are several "clues" in the ticket comments that may help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Meant to say "anyone @here willing to move this forward" :point_up:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I really want to... but I can't devote time to it at the moment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; 3604 is a really nasty bug</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, agreed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And it's unfortunate that we are still finding these sorts of things in 6.0....really wanting to see 6.1 out the door ASAP :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, we'll have to leave this as Needs Volunteer. I'll see if I can find someone outside of this meeting, or if I can find a bit of time myself to dig into it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm skipping DS-3602 (next in list) as we already got an update on that from Terry (above)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up, <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3599">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3599</a> / <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1751">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1751</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; This one has a PR from @tom_desair.  It has been reviewed &amp; tested.  It'd be "nice" to have some Unit Tests enhanced in the PR, though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @tom_desair : is this one you'd have any time to add more Unit Tests to in the near future?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, Tom may have stepped away. We'll move along.  We could potentially merge this as-is...but it'd really be nice to get proper Unit Tests while we are looking at this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up is <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3572">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3572</a> / <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1715">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1715</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; This was a PR that was still a "work in progress" which I know @pbecker and @tom_desair said they were going to work on finishing up. Looks like it's still in WIP status :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I’ll try to look at it this week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; (at both items)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks @tom_desair!  I'd really like to move these both along quickly, if at all possible.  But, whatever time you can spare here would be great</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up is DS-3552... The PR here was merged into 6.x...but never ported to "master".  So, it's fixed on one branch, but not the other</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Again, this was assigned to @tom_desair.... but it's likely lower priority than getting those other two tickets ready for the 6.1 release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving along to DS-3579... which has a work in progress PR at: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1727">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1727</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3579">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3579</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The PR here has merge conflicts now....so, it'd need cleaning up and finishing if we are to get it into 6.1. Otherwise, it'll be delayed for a 6.2 release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving along here... <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; We’ve been testing that one. So we should be able to finish it soon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks @tom_desair !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; @tom_desair : ping me when you need another tester?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @tom_desair : which one are you testing... DS-3447 or DS-3579 (just want to be sure I understood your comment here)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm assuming you meant DS-3579 / PR#1727...but trying to clarify</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; As for DS-3447, it's an improvement, and doesn't seem to be immediately pressing... so, I'm leaning towards rescheduling this for 6.2.  I think 6.1 is all about high priority bug fixes. I'm sure there will be a 6.2 later this year</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; It'll be June tomorrow, so the urgency is rising, but 6.2 sounds reasonable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; 6.2++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yep, true. I'm just really trying to cut down on what *has* to be in 6.1...already, I'm quite worried we won't finish 6.1 in time for OR2017, unless more significant effort arises in the next week or two</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; do we have an RC for 6.1?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; RC = Release Coordinator?  Or Release Candidate?  The former = the Committers are coordinating...and I'm trying to push this forward as best I can.  The latter = no, not yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; :slightly_smiling_face: coordinator, yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't think our gap here is in a release coordinator though...it's in resources/time available from us (developers / committers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; understood, just an RC might take some pressure off *you* tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Well, if anyone wants to be 6.1 Release Coordinator, I'd welcome it. Talk to me ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; For now, I'm going to move along...just a few more 6.1 tickets here flagged "high priority"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Next is <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3281?src=confmacro">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3281?src=confmacro</a> / <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1743/">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1743/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, hey...this PR is at +2.  So, it likely can be merged...but needs a corresponding PR for 6.x/master</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If anyone wants to volunteer to port this to 6.x, please let me know. Otherwise, I'll see if I can find spare time at the end of this week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; tdonohue: DS-3579</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Next in the list.. <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3406">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3406</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; This ticket is also hooked up to <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1751">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1751</a> (One PR for two tickets)...and we already discussed moving this PR forward above</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; *Last* up here is <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3517?src=confmacro">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3517?src=confmacro</a> / <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1669">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1669</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not sure this is truly high priority...but we can leave this on the list for now.  Looks like @pbecker is testing the PR and has some outstanding requests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Wow, that's quite a list of 6.1 "high priority" tickets :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If you recall, our initial goal was a 6.1 release in May.  That didn't happen (and some of these tickets had very little activity in May, unfortunately)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd really like to see us get 6.1 out in time for OR2017.  But, as mentioned, I'm starting to doubt whether that's possible, unless we see more movement on outstanding tickets/PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Do you all see any "free time" to devote to DSpace 6.1 in the coming week(s)?  Is it possible for us to band together and put significant effort in (for a small amount of time) in order to finish this up by mid-June?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I've been pulled away again and again recently but that seems to have slowed.  I'm still trying to port DS-3431 to 5_x.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood : any status check on the port?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (i.e. timeline and/or estimate...or do we need to reassign it?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I am supposed to focus on a single project, and that's XMLUI-based, I will ask if I can carve out time to help with 6.1 release testing and pushing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I should continue to have some time available.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I have the original patch ported, and now I'm trying to catch up with the subsequent changes.  It's difficult when we can't use github.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger : any chance your group plans to work off 6.0?  If so, you could argue it's in your best interest to get *6.1* out the door to stabilize your internal XMLUI project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; @pbecker sent me some information that may help.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I have spent the past couple days making sure I can easily create/destroy 5x and 6x instances since the recent work seems to require switching between both.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; @tdonohue we're using 6x, and I use that excuse all the time, however... it's an XMLUI-based repository, so JSPUI bugs can't be justified in that way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger : as far as I see though, there are very few of these "high priority" tickets that are JSPUI-specific...you are more than welcome to concentrate on those that are cross UI ;)  I'm just looking for ways to use your time wisely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I'll see what I can do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks @terrywbrady . Glad to hear you'll have time to continue to devote here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks @hpottinger .  Sorry to be pushy...I completely understand if it's hard to swing the time... I'm just trying to find ways to get each of you to spend a small amount of concentrated effort to move individual tickets forward</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If we had all of us working a small amount of time (and even just closing out one ticket each), this effort may not take too much longer ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Thank you.  We had a lot of security stuff hit all at the same time, and I need a push to refocus now that that's calmed down.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; For those others @here (who are *not* Committers, yet).  We also could really use help/support in *testing* PRs.  If you have time to spare, please scan the PRs flagged for milestone 6.1...and give one (or more) a test. Your feedback will help us finish this all up more quickly!  <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.1">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.1</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Quick question. I have a PR at +2.  Should I merge it myself?  I forget what our practice is for our own PR's: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1746">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1746</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady : Yes, feel free once you are at +2. Don't forget to cherry-pick it over to "master" too please</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; will do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; and if it won't cherry-pick cleanly, a new PR is OK</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so we are near the top of the hour now. So, I'm going to call this a meeting.  I'm also going to look at my schedule this week to see how I can spend some extra time helping to move this effort forward (especially in perhaps testing or porting PRs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm hoping that by next week we can cut this list down a bit... if we can get this shaved down, we might be able to still get 6.1 out the door prior to OR2017</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Be sure to reserve a few minutes for poking others.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I have a standup meeting right now, however, it's a "proper" standup, so only about 10 mintues, I'll be available for backlog hour in about 10 minutes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And PLEASE do feel free to poke me if your PR needs testing or review. I'd like to help move things along where I can.  And yes, I'll poke the others who are not here today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks all...and thanks for all the effort you've already put into 6.1.  It's turned into a larger-than-expected release, but it'll be a very important one for our community &amp; the 6.x codebase</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; Action: pbecker drops in right after the meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; Action: pbecker reads the logs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I cherry-picked this PR from 6x to master: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1758">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1758</a> per our meeting discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks @terrywbrady !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;sulfrian&gt; @tdonohue I just ported <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1743/">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1743/</a> to 6.x: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1759">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1759</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @sulfrian : AWESOME! Thank you so much!  I'll give these a quick test/review, and once Travis gives final approval, get them merged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@biolinux.mrb.ku.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@biolinux.mrb.ku.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>