<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2017-01-25
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot_ (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:27]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:27]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:27]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:27]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot_ (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (~kim@180.222.64.97) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-220-55-31.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-220-55-31.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Changing host)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ntorres (c1895861@gateway/web/freenode/ip.193.137.88.97) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* th5 (~th5@unaffiliated/th5) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (~kim@180.222.64.97) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kim__ (~kim@180.222.64.97) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kim__ is now known as kshepherd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, reminder that we have a DSpace DevMtg at the top of the hour.  Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-01-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-01-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (~kim@180.222.64.97) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (~kim@103.6.212.135) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jcreel (~jcreel@jcreel.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* terry-b (~chrome@97-113-118-39.tukw.qwest.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome. It's DSpace DevMtg time.  Here's our agenda for today: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-01-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-01-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; as usual, pinging Committers to wake folks up (helix84, kshepherd, mhwood, terry-b)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, first just a few brief reminders... the next DSpace 7 UI mtg is tomorrow morning (starting at this same time, 15UTC).  We had a recent call for participation if more folks want to get involved: <a href="https://groups.google.com/d/msg/dspace-community/Wy2HPOjAKGw/3XDD85wUBQAJ">https://groups.google.com/d/msg/dspace-community/Wy2HPOjAKGw/3XDD85wUBQAJ</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@162.104.218.179) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We really could use more volunteer developers (as it'll make the work go faster). So, if you are interested or know someone who may be, please get in touch!  (Oh, and obviously, anyone is welcome, new developers as well!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, we've soft-launched a new DSpace Slack community (still pretty quiet/small so far). But, if you want to join us there, request an invite at <a href="https://goo.gl/forms/s70dh26zY2cSqn2K3">https://goo.gl/forms/s70dh26zY2cSqn2K3</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think that's it for the announcements for today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue just realized we don't have our kompewter bot in here today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; O</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll go start it back up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; there we go</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, as for agenda items...we still have a number of high priority tickets (for 6.1 or 7.0) needing help (see agenda for the full list).  But, I know terry-b also added a topic to look at Solr Stats import/export issues..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'd like to start with terry-b's discussion topic today (#2 on the agenda): <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~terrywbrady/Statistics+Import+Export+Issues">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~terrywbrady/Statistics+Import+Export+Issues</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Log In - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~terrywbrady/Statistics+Import+Export+Issues">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~terrywbrady/Statistics+Import+Export+Issues</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Thanks.  Investigating one issue has revealed a handful of other issues that make the stats records difficult to test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Does everyone have access to this wiki page? (I find it odd that kompewter called it "Log In")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I see it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i don't have much sharding experience but i'll try to reproduce/tinker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I can see it (obviously)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, it looks like Terry's home area in the wiki just requires a wiki acct.  Terry, do you mind if I make this publicly readable (no login required)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; done. let's try this again: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~terrywbrady/Statistics+Import+Export+Issues">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~terrywbrady/Statistics+Import+Export+Issues</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Statistics Import Export Issues - Terry Brady - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~terrywbrady/Statistics+Import+Export+Issues">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~terrywbrady/Statistics+Import+Export+Issues</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; there we go. Sorry for the sidetrack. Go ahead, terry-b</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; The page says "No Restrictions"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I can move it after the meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b: the access restrictions were on your ~terrywbrady "area" of the wiki.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I have a 5x and a 6x PR to add some options to the command line tools.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; These make it easier to create shard-able data.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; The big issue is <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3457">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3457</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3457">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3457</a> ] - [DS-3457] Tomcat Restart Hangs after Sharding DSpace 6x Statistics - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3457] Tomcat Restart Hangs after Sharding DSpace 6x Statistics - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3457">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3457</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; In the ticket, I highlighted some Solr code that causes tomcat to go unresponsive in 6x.  Very similar code is in 5x where all is fine.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I would like to know who might have some experience with the class used in the following function: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/statistics/SolrLoggerServiceImpl.java#L1305">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/statistics/SolrLoggerServiceImpl.java#L1305</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/SolrLoggerServiceImpl.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/statistics/SolrLoggerServiceImpl.java#L1305">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/statistics/SolrLoggerServiceImpl.java#L1305</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I cannot find much documentation online about how to make use of this class</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It looks like GitHub Blame doesn't show much activity in that area of the codebase for 4 years: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blame/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/statistics/SolrLoggerServiceImpl.java#L1305">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blame/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/statistics/SolrLoggerServiceImpl.java#L1305</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/statistics/SolrLoggerServiceImpl.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blame/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/statistics/SolrLoggerServiceImpl.java#L1305">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blame/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/statistics/SolrLoggerServiceImpl.java#L1305</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Last significant activity seems to be from KevinVDV / Atmire folks when Solr stats were created</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Oh good:  "This class is experimental and subject to change."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I can try to ping Kevin to see if he can offer any advice.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, my guess here is that we need to talk to Atmire and/or re-learn this. It doesn't seem to be touched in a while :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Until we fix this, any 6x instance that decides to shard (or upgrades a sharded stats repo) will not be able to run.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; kshepherd, I saw you volunteer earlier.  Are you up for testing the PRs that are ready?  I think they will be helpful to get merged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; is it possible that there are too many assumptions in the setDataDir call on L1303?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep i can do PR testing over next couple of days</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I have validated that all the parameter values are correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; It is confusing that the instance dir is the "statisitics" folder since it has the config info for the shards</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blame/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/statistics/SolrLoggerServiceImpl.java#L1303">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blame/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/statistics/SolrLoggerServiceImpl.java#L1303</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/statistics/SolrLoggerServiceImpl.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blame/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/statistics/SolrLoggerServiceImpl.java#L1303">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blame/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/statistics/SolrLoggerServiceImpl.java#L1303</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I do not understand why multiple HttpSolrServer classes are created, but they seem to be needed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; kshepherd, thanks for testing.  Hopefully the wiki page will point out the main test cases to look at</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There are a lot of assumptions about directory paths built into that method, and zero comments/explanation. As we work to resolve this, please please please, someone add some comments in here!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Ultimately, I want us to be able to incorporate Tom Desair's fix for the owningComm field and to be able to give a user the ability to repair a shard with that field corrupted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Thanks for giving this some time for discussion!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, I think this is important...and I agree with you that this looks like a Blocker issue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It sounds like we need more testers and more eyes...and *eventually* someone to dig in deeper and figure out what is going on.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; *sigh*  I wonder if there is a way to get 'mvn compile' to fail if there is a class anywhere that has neither comments nor @Override.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I can test, too, terry-b and kshepherd, ping me if you need the help.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blame/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/statistics/SolrLoggerServiceImpl.java#L1239">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blame/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/statistics/SolrLoggerServiceImpl.java#L1239</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: Java 8 + doclint catches a lot of stuff...but I think it ignores issues where a class has zero comments (at least by default).  I'm betting there are more of these in our codebase</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/statistics/SolrLoggerServiceImpl.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blame/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/statistics/SolrLoggerServiceImpl.java#L1239">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blame/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/statistics/SolrLoggerServiceImpl.java#L1239</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; hpottinger, thanks.  Give the 2 pull requests a test  1623/1624</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#1623 / DSPR#1624</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1623">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1623</a> ] - [DS-3456] 5x Clarify command line options for statisics import/export tools by terrywbrady</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1624">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1624</a> ] - [DS-3456] 6x Fix Command Line Parameters for statistics import/export tools by terrywbrady</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; on my list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks all. I will also remind folks that we have a Slack that this sorta thing can be discussed on (as you dig in).  I mean IRC is fine too, but you cannot jump on IRC after the fact and catch up on discussion (whereas you can on Slack) ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Do we have any plans to link these meeting conversations into the slack channels?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, sounds like we have a few steps to move forward here. Thanks all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I am liking Slack so far!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b: these meeting conversations are logged at <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/</a>  So, you could link those in.  #dspace is not logged at all though, so it's all ephemeral</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot ] - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And if we end up liking Slack more, there are IRC -&gt; Slack plugins (where a slack channel can "track" an IRC channel). But, I haven't figured out how to set that up yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; That sounds good.  Thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, thanks all for moving this along</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Back to our agenda then: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-01-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-01-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2017-01-25 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-01-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-01-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We currently have 17 tickets flagged as "High Priority" (for either 6.1 or 7.0 though).  I'm not sure we need to dig into all of these, but I do want to call out some of them (especially those important for 6.1)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We still need a Committer(s) to look closer at DS-3431</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3431">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3431</a> ] - ('Unexpected error:', &lt;type 'exceptions.AttributeError'&gt;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; volunteers welcome, please get in touch or claim the ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Another... DS-3446 / DSPR#1611 just needs a secondary review/test.  It's nearly ready to fix/merge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3446">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3446</a> ] - [DS-3446] Non-admin submitter cannot remove uploaded bistreams during the submission - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1611">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1611</a> ] - DS-3446: On bitstream delete, remove policies only after the bitstream has been updated by tomdesair Âˇ Pull Request #1611 Âˇ DSpace/DSpace Âˇ GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; if someone can help move that along, I think the fix looks rather obvious to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; is DS-2687 closer to a solution?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2687">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2687</a> ] - [DS-2687] When deleting a collection role the group is also deleted, which is not appropriate for non-system-created groups - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd: that ticket is back in needs volunteer status</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; kshepherd: there are notes on it, and it's labeled as "low hangingg fruit" it just needs a hero</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd, there are comments in that ticket that suggest possible solutions, but I think it's now stalled until it has a new volunteer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood, it looks like you still have a few oracle issues assigned... DS-3410 and DS-3409 (both just need testing of other's PRs it seems).  Are you still working on testing these, or need help/support?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3410">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3410</a> ] - [DS-3410] Indexes are lost at oracle - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3409">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3409</a> ] - [DS-3409] Handle of collections and communities are lost during migration using oracle - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I need to do the work.  I got started on one the other day and then was interrupted.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: no problem, just wanted to check in, especially since 3409 is flagged as a blocker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If anyone is looking for another possible "low hanging" ticket... DS-3406 needs a volunteer. My gut says we might just need a sort by added to the new query</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3406">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3406</a> ] - [DS-3406] Sub-communities and collections not sorted alphabetically - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And we are still looking for someone to be the hero for ES Stats: DS-3285</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3285">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3285</a> ] - [DS-3285] Build ability to export Elasticsearch Usage Stats to intermediate format - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; whoops, I meant DS-3287...but 3285 is also ES Stats I guess</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3287">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3287</a> ] - [DS-3287] ElasticSearch fails (does not work at all) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; huh...I'm realizing DS-3108 is fixed on dspace-6_x branch..but never got cherry-picked or merged over to master</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3108">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3108</a> ] - [DS-3108] Support Shibboleth Authentication in the REST API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, it looks like there's a PR for master (DSPR#1598) which is just slightly different from the merged one (DSPR#1610).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1598">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1598</a> ] - DS-3108 support non email based authentication in rest api by tomdesair</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1610">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1610</a> ] - DS-3108 DSpace 6x: Support non-email based authentication in REST API by tomdesair</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1598 renames the login credentials to be "user" instead of "email" for REST API.  That seems OK, but not sure if we want to treat that as a separate change (i.e. PR) here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Seems like maybe we should just front-port 1610 to "master"...and let the REST team decide anything else</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thoughts? Anyone interested in doing that quickly (and I'll merge)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Seems reasonable.  I'd like to see us separate the username and email concepts someday, but that's a larger project.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; you can't push to master, so it'll have to be a PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; It feels like we have a lot of 6x stability work to do that will need to catch up to master...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Is this typical after every major release?  What features are currently present in master that are not on the 6x branch?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I can change the branch protection settings for "master" if we want to be able to cherry-pick again. I didn't realize I turned that off, TBH</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b: this is typical after every major release. We have to work on two branches for a while</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, it's okay for *features* in master to be missing from branches.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I've updated the rules for "master" to let Administrators merge without PRs / travis checks.  I think that should allow for cherry-picking again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; It is tricky to make sure everything is represented on both branches.  Good to know this is not unusual.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I am heading to another meeting.  Good to chat with you all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; seeya terry-b</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, it isn't unusual...but it is only for bug fixes.  Early on, after a major release, we have a lot of bug fixes (so a lot of work on two branches)...eventually it calms down though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if someone is willing, I think DSPR#1610 should be cherry-pick-able to master (and then we can close the other PR + close DS-3108 as fixed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3108">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3108</a> ] - [DS-3108] Support Shibboleth Authentication in the REST API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1610">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1610</a> ] - DS-3108 DSpace 6x: Support non-email based authentication in REST API by tomdesair</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, no volunteers...I'll close the other PR now then...and add a comment to 3108 that we are just waiting for 1610 to be cherry-picked before closing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; sorry! i'm willing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, thanks kshepherd! Go for it then ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; just will double check my tired fingers before pressing the button on master :P</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; to confirm, we want to cherry pick all 9 commits here on 6.x branch to master: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1610/commits">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1610/commits</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3108 DSpace 6x: Support non-email based authentication in REST API by tomdesair · Pull Request #1610 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1610/commits">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1610/commits</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; pushing commits upstream!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd is fine with a new PR for master if that's tidier / better visibility</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I'm getting distracted here..sorry (getting pinged on a separate Slack with internal questions).  We are over time, and we probably should wrap things up for today ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; kshepherd: dont' worry, keeping the same commit hash *is* tidy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we didn't make it through the entire list of High Priority stuff, but I'd recommend others reviewing it. Some of these are nearing completion (just need more testers)...and there's some low hanging fruit here too (as mentioned)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=filter%3D13904++&amp;src=confmacro">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=filter%3D13904++&amp;src=confmacro</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=filter%3D13904++&amp;src=confmacro">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=filter%3D13904++&amp;src=confmacro</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hopefully i'll be around for the DSpace 7 meeting, if i can be awake at 4am again ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Beyond that, please also consider joining the DSpace 7 mtg tomorrow, especially if you are interested in REST API (Java) or Angular work! ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd: why ARE you up at 4am?  ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i just never went to bed... it's 5.10am now ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; wow...I guess that's one way to be "more productive". Cut out sleep</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, folks, we're done for today. Unfortunately, I'm not going to be able to lead JIRA Backlog for the next hour (though I suspect I can "lurk" if someone else can lead it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, let's move this over to #dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; cheers all, i will lurk on #dspace for jira backlog but my todo list is probably big enough for next few days while i'm still on pseudo-break</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ntorres (c1895861@gateway/web/freenode/ip.193.137.88.97) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@162.104.218.179) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* th5 (~th5@unaffiliated/th5) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* terry-b (~chrome@97-113-118-39.tukw.qwest.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>