<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2017-03-08
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PhilipV (~philip@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @here: REMINDER: The DSpace Developers Meeting starts at the top of the hour (here or in #duraspace IRC). <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-03-08">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-03-08</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2017-03-08 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-03-08">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-03-08</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; Action: hpottinger waves from Slack</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger : welcome from sunny code4lib.  I hope the conference is going well ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; it *is* It’s very introspective</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I keep finding myself admitting, oh, yes, I’ve forgotten, I *need* to do that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; very good. It's been a while since I've been able to attend a code4lib. I'll have to find my way back there some year soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @here: Ok, it's the top of the hour folks. That means it's DevMtg time: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-03-08">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-03-08</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2017-03-08 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-03-08">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-03-08</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; This week, I'm going to try running this meeting from Slack (if you haven't noticed).  Just trying to get the hang of this whole "synced" Slack/IRC thing we have going here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; As noted above, I realize this week is also the code4lib conference. So, I know at least a few DSpacers won't be here today since they are conferencing...but @hpottinger wins the award for multitasking today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I’m still on Missouri time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; First off, the usual reminder that our next DSpace 7 UI meeting is *tomorrow* at 16UTC (one hour later than this meeting) in Google Hangouts. See <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 UI Working Group - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; A reminder will be emailed to -devel mailing list later today as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The main topic, as in recent weeks is 6.1 status...and getting us closer to that bug-fix release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Our list of 6.1 high priority tickets is shrinking....and there are a few that may simply need rescheduling for a 6.2 release (unfortunately)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's that 6.1 high priority list: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20AND%20fixVersion%3D6.1%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%20%20%20">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20AND%20fixVersion%3D6.1%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%20%20%20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20AND%20fixVersion%3D6.1%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%20%20%20">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20AND%20fixVersion%3D6.1%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%20%20%20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In the last week (or so), at least two of this tickets progressed into "Code Review Needed" status (which is great progress).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Namely, DS-1140 and DS-3389</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1140">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1140</a> ] - [DS-1140] Update MSWord Media Filter to use Apache POI (like PPT Filter) and also support .docx - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3389">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3389</a> ] - [DS-3389] Replication Task Suite add-on doesn&amp;#39;t work with DSpace 6 API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I’d like to find time to test the PR for 3389</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger : I was just going to ask you that. I've given 3389's PR a code review. It looks good code-wise. But, I haven't had a chance to run tests myself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; @tdonohue I think @cwilper asked specifically for a test on DuraCloud stuff, can you help with that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate/pull/19">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate/pull/19</a> is the PR in question</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3389 Port RTS to DSpace 6 by KingKrimmson · Pull Request #19 · DSpace/dspace-replicate · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate/pull/19">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate/pull/19</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, I should be able to find an hour to test the DuraCloud connections. Maybe on Friday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it sounds like we have next steps on 3389.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I know mhwood is also looking for testers/feedback on his PR for DS-1140 / DSPR#1663</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1663">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1663</a> ] - [DS-1140] Update MSWord Media Filter to use Apache POI (like PPT Filter) and also support .docx by mwoodiupui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1140">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1140</a> ] - [DS-1140] Update MSWord Media Filter to use Apache POI (like PPT Filter) and also support .docx - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes please.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've assumed that we want to leave the old filter available for now and remove it later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll give that PR a code review...It would be nice to find a tester too. In this situation, I do like that it's a *new* media filter and disabled by default.  *And* it comes with Unit Tests (kudos to mhwood!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yes, I think we schedule the old filter to be removed in 7.0....once we are sure this new one is a full, better replacement (which it seems like it should be)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, I'll try to remember to file an issue to remove the old one when that determination is made.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Any tester volunteers here (in IRC or Slack) on PR 1663?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I can add it to my list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Anybody got .docx bitstreams that they've been keen to extract and index?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks hpottinger!  Yes, I'd also hope this would be of high interest to others wanting to index .docx files ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; considering that’s the default format for MS Word nowadays, it ought to be easy enough to find a test subject</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, so there's a few other 6.1 high priority tickets that I'd like to followup on here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; we ought to be fighting off volunteers to test this one :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-3406 (which seems like less than ideal behavior, and has a "stalled" DSPR#1638)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3406">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3406</a> ] - [DS-3406] Sub-communities and collections not sorted alphabetically - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1638">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1638</a> ] - [DS-3406] add collection and subcommunity sorting by name comparator to Community getters by kshepherd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In kshepherd's PR, he seems to imply his direction needs rethinking...So, I'm not sure if this ticket is even really "claimed". It may need to be reverted back to "needs volunteer" status</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (I pinged kshepherd about this two weeks back and haven't heard yet)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm wondering if there's anyone else here who'd be interested in investigating this issue (and perhaps creating a new PR if you find the fix)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; might ping @tom_desair from Atmire, since he commented on the PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, welcome @tom_desair.  We were just talking about ticket 3406 / PR 1638... see links above ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If you have other ideas or time to describe a better solution, I'd like to get this fixed in 6.1 (i.e. soonish).  Since we are putting you on the spot though, I won't expect you to respond immediately</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Aside:  one feature of the Slack/IRC link is that we IRC folk no longer see everyone who is present.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In the meantime, I'm going to close kshepherd's PR (for lack of activity/response).  And revert 3406 to "needs volunteer". It doesn't seem like kshepherd is actively working on this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; that’s as good as a ping :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; just did both</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: regarding your aside..I agree, it's a bit off-putting to not know exactly who is "here" (unless you are logged into *both* IRC and Slack, which I currently am).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I like that Slack shows me who is active/inactive (in IRC you aren't really sure if someone is "there" until they type something)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, back to 6.1 high priority tickets ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The other ticket to remind folks of is DS-3287 (needs a volunteer).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3287">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3287</a> ] - [DS-3287] ElasticSearch fails (does not work at all) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If anyone is using ElasticSearch statistics, we need some help updating its code for the new 6.0 API. I'm hoping it wouldn't be *hard*, but it could use some test data to ensure everything is working correctly (so, it'd be good to find someone who uses ES stats)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If you are interested, comment on the ticket, or ping me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; On another topic... @tom_desair, a friendly reminder that it looks like we are waiting on documentation from you before we can close out your work on DS-3108 ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; tdonohue: I’ll take a look at it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3108">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3108</a> ] - [DS-3108] Support Shibboleth Authentication in the REST API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;antoine&gt; I thought elastic search statistics were deprecated in dspace 6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, but still supported.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @antoine : it was. But, we'd like to ensure it still "works" in DSpace 6.  Currently, it doesn't even work in DSpace 6. So, the plan was to deprecate in DSpace 6 and remove in 7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;antoine&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; interesting...so, Slack &lt;-&gt; IRC syncing gets a little odd when someone does a "thread" in Slack. That last "Thanks!" was meant for @tom_desair who said he'd look into 3406</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Back to 6.1 tickets, we also do have DS-3447 that needs a volunteer.  I'm not sure it's really "high priority" for 6.1 (could be rescheduled for 6.2 if needed), but it'd be nice to fix at some point for 6.x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447</a> ] - [DS-3447] Transition ORCID integration to ORCID API 2.0 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If it's of interest to anyone, again let us know!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I wondered at the priority boost.  We *do* need to get it fixed before the 1.0 drop-dead date, but that's a different dimension of urgency.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; agreed, mhwood. I suspect Bram mostly bumped it up so we don't forget about it (as the 1.0 drop-dead date is end of this year).  I'm OK with it staying on this list, as long as we realize it isn't a "blocker" (we can release 6.1 without it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That's it for the 6.1 tickets to discuss in this meeting....unless anyone here (in Slack or IRC) has tickets/PRs you'd like to highlight for attention today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Not hearing anything, so we'll move along to other topics</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Looking back at our agenda... mostly this week we have our usual lists of things needing code review.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, before we jump over into doing some code review of PRs / finding volunteers..... I'd like to ask one more time if anyone has other topics to bring up for discussion?  If not, I'd suggest we look at "quick win" PRs to see if any are mergeable (or nearly there)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, then let's go to the list of "quick win" PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Aside from the POI-based Word filter, there's a recent port of rrodgers' Tika-based filtering curation tasks if anyone wants to look at it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Completely untested as yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: do you have a link to that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Working...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3042">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3042</a> is the issue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3042] convert media filters to curation tasks - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3042">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3042</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3042">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3042</a> ] - [DS-3042] convert media filters to curation tasks - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, I see...you have a branch, but no PR yet?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; <a href="https://github.com/mwoodiupui/DSpace/tree/DS-3042">https://github.com/mwoodiupui/DSpace/tree/DS-3042</a> is where the code is.  Right -- no PR yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ GitHub - mwoodiupui/DSpace at DS-3042 ] - <a href="https://github.com/mwoodiupui/DSpace/tree/DS-3042">https://github.com/mwoodiupui/DSpace/tree/DS-3042</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3042">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3042</a> ] - [DS-3042] convert media filters to curation tasks - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; press that button please, I want a PR :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, let's wait on a PR for this, as I think it'll be easier to look at / review / understand (in context of a PR). Thanks though for working to move this forward!  Hopefully others here can jump in once the PR is ready</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I couldn't find a way to meld this code in using git, so I just checked out a copy and copied it over, adding notes everywhere about where I got it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, I'll do a PR soon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm going to move us back to the "quick win" PR listing. These tend to be smaller PRs which are more easily reviewable in a group.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's that list: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22quick+win%22">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22quick+win%22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22quick+win%22">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22quick+win%22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, just wanted to mention in case folks are interested.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we have 19 open "quick win" PRs here.  I'm going to start at the top with a new one... DSPR#1670</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1670">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1670</a> ] - [DS-3521] Bugfix browsing embargoed thumbnail by pbroman Âˇ Pull Request #1670 Âˇ DSpace/DSpace Âˇ GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I reviewed this yesterday, and probably should have just merged it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 2 approvals, apparently tested by the submitter.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm pressing the button on this.  (Note: we fixed a similar issue in XMLUI recently...this one is for JSPUI)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I think we also need to fix that in XMLUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Ok never mind :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; It's fixed in XMLUI.  DS-2789 was XMLUI...this one is JSPUI-only</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2789">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2789</a> ] - [DS-2789] Display a &amp;quot;restricted image&amp;quot; for a thumbnail if the bitstream is restricted - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; great, thanks, tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The fixes are slightly different...and both were broken in 6.0, but will be fixed in 6.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; merged it ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; crossing that off my list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; next on that "quick win" list was the new media filter. We already talked about that though... we just are looking for a tester (or two) for DSPR#1663.  Once tested that this indexes *.docx files, this can be merged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1663">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1663</a> ] - [DS-1140] Update MSWord Media Filter to use Apache POI (like PPT Filter) and also support .docx by mwoodiupui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm skipping that for now...but please volunteer if you want to help test it (@hpottinger already said he'd add to his list)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DSPR#1622</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1622">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1622</a> ] - [DS-2947] DIM crosswalks repeats authority &amp;amp; confidence values in the metadata values by toniprieto Âˇ Pull Request #1622 Âˇ DSpace/DSpace Âˇ GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; Action: tdonohue notes: whoops...I skipped one. We'll go back to it next</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; 1622 : I gave this a code review. Looks reasonable. Haven't tested it though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I understand what the patch does, but not why it works.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Not sure if anyone here is willing to give this a (likely very quick) test run?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I’m in the same boat as @mwood here, not sure how I’d even test it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I can test that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Well, you'd need to be using Authority control...and this patch fixes what seems to be an issue in the DIM format crosswalk for OAI-PMH. I admit, I haven't verified the issue though...so, maybe we should start there ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks @tom_desair...much appreciated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We are now at the top of the hour...so, I'm not going to add anymore PRs to review here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Instead, thanks to everyone for attending today!  Reminder, our next DSpace 7 UI meeting is tomorrow at 16UTC. A reminder will go to -devel mailing list later today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I will check back in to IRC in a few minutes, and will pitch in with backlog hour, but I really ought to wander downstairs and get some breakfast and find a seat</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If you have time today, you are also welcome to move over to irc channel / #dspace IRC (these sync as well) to do a few more "quick win" PR reviews during our "Backlog hour" immediately following this meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Thx @tdonohue for organising the meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PhilipV (~philip@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has left #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>