<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2017-02-15
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:26]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hobana.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:26]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hobana.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:26]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hobana.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:26]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hobana.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ntorres (c1895861@gateway/web/freenode/ip.193.137.88.97) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ntorres (c1895861@gateway/web/freenode/ip.193.137.88.97) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* terry-b (~chrome@97-113-118-39.tukw.qwest.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue REMINDER: The weekly DSpace DevMtg is in ~5mins. Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-02-15">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-02-15</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Welcome all to our weekly DevMtg. Agenda linked already above</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Looks like a small group here (yet again).  Pinging our Committers in the room though (helix84, mhwood, terry-b)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yo!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Perhaps we'll have a few others trickle in shortly ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, let's start with the usual reminders.  Tomorrow at 16UTC is our next DSpace 7 UI Mtg. This one will be in Slack via text chat.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Speaking of Slack, should the DSpace 7 Mtg go well in Slack, &amp; if these IRC meetings are being less and less attended.... then I may start digging around into a way to hook up our IRC channels to Slack</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In other words, maybe we think of moving *these* meetings also to Slack (but ensure they still get logged into IRC for folks who want to follow along later).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, let's see how tomorrow's meeting goes, etc.  and we can revisit this in the coming weeks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Can't think why Slack would be *more* attractive, but that's just me....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; My thought is that there will minimally be "more eyes", mhwood.  I'm a bit disappointed that recent weeks we've had so few "live" people in these chat meetings.  Either everyone is just reading logs, or these meetings are being ignored</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Perhaps I have a bad IRC client, but Slack is much more attractive and usable to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, moving to Slack is a way to potentially remind folks of the ongoing work to *maintain* DSpace 6 (and previous versions). That we aren't just only doing DSpace 7 now (as exciting as that is, and as much as we want more folks involved there)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; It feels like DSpace 6 needs some more attention to make sure it is adopted by folks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; terry-b:  Pidgin is clean and simple.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, we can take one step at a time here...let's see how Slack works for DSpace 7 UI chat meetings.  If that goes well, then I'll start digging into whether we can hook up IRC &amp; Slack more directly...so that folks in Slack and see what's happening in IRC (and maybe visa versa to some extent)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, I've taken us away from our agenda ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There is a way to do that.  I wound up with a tab in Pidgin for each Slack channel.  I gave that up and started running the Slack client, to keep them separated.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: right, I've also heard of projects actually "hooking up" IRC channels into Slack channels.  I.e. folks could have a discussion between Slack and IRC (with individuals taking part from either Slack or IRC). Not sure how well that works, but I might dig around</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Code4Lib has such a set up, but I do not really track conversations there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, for our agenda...not sure if we want to dig into each "High Priority" ticket. But here's the list of our Highest priority, ordered by fix release: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; whoops, that's not the order I wanted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I want descending order...here it is: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've been consumed by a move to a new server, and I need to test &amp; merge that one this week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Do we have any updates to share on these tickets?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That one = top of the list, 3367</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-3367</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3367">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3367</a> ] - [DS-3367] Configurable Workflow authorization denied error - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks for the update there, mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Should we close DS-2687 since the Administrator id was protected earleir?  This ticket seems to have grown in size</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2687">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2687</a> ] - [DS-2687] When deleting a collection role the group is also deleted, which is not appropriate for non-system-created groups - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I was concerned about the UI presentation which will eventually become irrelevant.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b: I think that ticket now accurately describes the real bug (in XMLUI). It does have a lot of extra discussion now though (which is less relevant as it's fixed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 2687 is perhaps less urgent, since you can't trash your instance by accidentally deleting Administrators, but it is still broken.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We might want to simply deschedule it from 6.1 though (taking this off the "high priority" list)...as there's no activity on it and/or interest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I agree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, I'll deschedule then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I will also call attention to a new ticket I added to our list this week: DS-3378 (Another Oracle bug!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3378">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3378</a> ] - [DS-3378] Oracle migration indexes lost - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It's marked "volunteer needed", but Adan (the submitter) has a patch that seems like it fixes the issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I've asked him (earlier today) to create a PR for testing, but haven't heard back yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: not sure if you would want to take a closer look at this, since you've been testing other Oracle migration issues (that have been similar)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can do that one.  I seem to be the only regular who has Oracle handy.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (It's a similar issue to another one reported by Adan, and already merged. But, it's a different issue...where migrations take forever cause of accidentally dropped indexes)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; (NOT the same as being handy with Oracle.  I am not.  But I try.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks, mhwood! It sounds like it really just needs verification tests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there other tickets we want to discuss today?  (If not, I may suggest we move to looking at some PRs and doing some reviews here, if possible)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; How will we decide when we have a complete 6.1?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ideally, we should get in most (if not all) of the "high priority" 6.1 tickets. These 11: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20AND%20fixVersion%3D6.1%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20AND%20fixVersion%3D6.1%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20AND%20fixVersion%3D6.1%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20AND%20fixVersion%3D6.1%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Now, we might be able to "trim" that list, or reschedule some for 6.2.  But, it seems like there's still some significant bugs in that list we'd want fixed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Especially the remaining Oracle bug: DS-3378</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3378">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3378</a> ] - [DS-3378] Oracle migration indexes lost - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Likely this one too: DS-3356</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3356">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3356</a> ] - [DS-3356] DatabaseUtils should turn off the authz system - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And I think DS-3367 too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3367">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3367</a> ] - [DS-3367] Configurable Workflow authorization denied error - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Is the ElasticSearch one likely to stay in?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The other bugs are also significant...but we could potentially think of them as 6.2 if we cannot get any immediate "traction" on them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ElasticSearch needs to stay on the list as it's entirely broken. However, it's one I'd say we could reschedule to 6.2 if we have no traction</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, for 6.1, I think we are highlighting significant fixes to upgrades (e.g. db migrations) and other major bugs.  I would like to see ElasticSearch in there too, but if we cannot find a volunteer, we'll leave that for 6.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; DS2952 had an alternative PR from Tom Desair that had looked good to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I just realized one of our 11 was already merged. I just closed DS-3446 as Fixed.  So, that's just 10 tickets on the 6.1 wishlist ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3446">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3446</a> ] - [DS-3446] Non-admin submitter cannot remove uploaded bistreams during the submission - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Perhaps that would be an easy one to get to closure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, let's look at DS-2952 then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2952">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2952</a> ] - [DS-2952] SOLR: Full text indexing only includes the text on the last bitstream - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#1595</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1595">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1595</a> ] - DS-2952 SOLR full text indexing multiple bitstreams by tomdesair</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b: so, you tested the PR and had an outstanding question here. Was that a concern?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I did not see a reply from Tom.  What is your opinion of that question?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I can't say that I have tested this carefully in my own instance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Either it should (a) not index non-public bitstreams (which is slightly less than ideal if you want to search inside files as an Admin), OR (b) the indexed copy should end up with the same permissions as the original bitstream (so only admins can search within admin restricted files)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not entirely sure whether this PR checks permissions at all...if it doesn't that'd be problematic (as you don't want private files indexed as public)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; With this implementation, all full text is merged into the item record in solr, so nuanced permissions would be lost</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; (when multiple bitstreams exist)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I  have just assumed that full text bitstreams had permissions mirroring their originals, but that is impossible with the solr representation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hmm...this worries me a bit. I would really like to see a Unit Test which shows what happens when restricted bitstreams are encountered.  It's nice this has UnitTests, but I see nothing in this code that looks at permissions (at all)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm worried this might index private bitstreams as public....or it might just fail on private bitstreams (not sure)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; It sounds like we should make it a requirement to look at permissions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; It would also be good to verify that items with a single restricted bitstream do not end up in the full text index</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll add a new review to the PR requiring that we have the code updated for that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Do we get one index record per bitstream, or one per item?  If the latter, we have a real problem.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I.e. what permissions do we put on the index record?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; One per item with this PR.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Then the index record should have the union of all the restrictions of the bitstreams that it represents.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I think the full text in solr would have the permissions of the item itself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b++  This seems to append all extracted text as *one* index record</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I will take a todo to test existing behavior and provide you all with an update</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3495">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3495</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3495] Verify full text accessibility in SOLR with bitstreams with various access rights - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3495">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3495</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3495">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3495</a> ] - [DS-3495] Verify full text accessibility in SOLR with bitstreams with various access rights - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Assigned this to myself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I've also added a review to DSPR#1595 asking for dealing with restrictions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1595">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1595</a> ] - DS-2952 SOLR full text indexing multiple bitstreams by tomdesair</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Back to our list of 6.1 High Priority..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; here's another needing code review: DS-3356 / DSPR#1553</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1553">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1553</a> ] - DS-3356 add turnoff authz system by lap82</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3356">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3356</a> ] - [DS-3356] DatabaseUtils should turn off the authz system - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The PR here is tiny, but it seems correct. We need to turn off authorization checks when an automatic reindex (post upgrade) is triggered</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes indeed.  1 line and looks right.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And for the record, that Context object is cleaned up in a "finally { }" check later on...which is why AuthZ isn't turned back on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ah, I was working my way toward that....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's that full code: <a href="https://github.com/4Science/DSpace/blob/127f79f2efd65344246c8219d2941d951f58eded/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/storage/rdbms/DatabaseUtils.java#L1307">https://github.com/4Science/DSpace/blob/127f79f2efd65344246c8219d2941d951f58eded/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/storage/rdbms/DatabaseUtils.java#L1307</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/DatabaseUtils.java at 127f79f2efd65344246c8219d2941d951f58eded · 4Science/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/4Science/DSpace/blob/127f79f2efd65344246c8219d2941d951f58eded/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/storage/rdbms/DatabaseUtils.java#L1307">https://github.com/4Science/DSpace/blob/127f79f2efd65344246c8219d2941d951f58eded/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/storage/rdbms/DatabaseUtils.java#L1307</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; You'll see the finally a bit down from that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, shall we just merge this one (and cherry-pick to 5.x and master)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yup, there it is.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd vote yes here..this seems extremely obvious to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, I'll take this on (My Dev environment is now working again, I think).  I'll merge &amp; cherry-pick elsewhere</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We're nearing the end of our hour. So, I think we'll stop there. Any last topics/comments from anyone?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Have a good week!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, have a good one! And don't forget to join the DSpace 7 meetings tomorrow (16:00UTC / 11am EST) in Slack, if you are interested!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks mhwood &amp; terry-b!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I will be there!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* terry-b (~chrome@97-113-118-39.tukw.qwest.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@biolinux.mrb.ku.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>