<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2017-11-08
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: It's DSpace DevMtg time already!  (An hour earlier for those of us in North America who've left daylight savings)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Today's agenda is quite light, but it's at <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-11-08">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-11-08</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2017-11-08 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-11-08">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-11-08</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; First up though, I'd like to do a quick roll call to see who is here &amp; paying attention (either on IRC or Slack)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; We had a good conversation about IIIF/DSpace last week: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=90966793">https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=90966793</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ IIIF/DSpace Meeting Nov 3, 2017 at 1500 UTC - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=90966793">https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=90966793</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Hi.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady: great to hear! :tada:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; On our end, we have done some interesting prototyping of IIIF manifests using content that we store in DSpace:  <a href="https://github.com/Georgetown-University-Libraries/testManifests/blob/master/Gallery.md">https://github.com/Georgetown-University-Libraries/testManifests/blob/master/Gallery.md</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ testManifests/Gallery.md at master · Georgetown-University-Libraries/testManifests · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/Georgetown-University-Libraries/testManifests/blob/master/Gallery.md">https://github.com/Georgetown-University-Libraries/testManifests/blob/master/Gallery.md</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Did you want to kick us off with a quick summary of the IIIF meeting? (update: it looks like you are already doing so, please continue)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Just putting the links out there for folks who are curious.  No additional conversation unless folks have questions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Is there runnable code that others could play with locally? or is that coming in the future (once experimentation shows things are "working decently")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I see there are a few Java classes there...so perhaps that's "good enough" until this moves beyond "experiment" ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; Action: tom_desair enters the meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; At the point, it is just showing what is possible within a manifest.  For now, we plan to keep the integration with DSpace very loose.  If a manifest file is found in the metadata bundle, we will provide a link to open it up in the Universal Viewer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; That sounds nice.  I hate sites that demand I use a specific viewer, but if I have a choice....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Looks/sounds cool.  Glad to see this IIIF integration work moving forward!  It'll be nice to see this eventually make its way back into DSpace core (but I realize that still may be a bit of a ways off)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I am eager to get to a point where we have some content publicly available.  It will be good to get feedback on something more than a screenshot.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, back to the (light) agenda....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't have any major updates from the DSpace 7 team (next meeting tomorrow though).  We've still been working hard on Submission &amp; search functionalities.  I will note however that docs have started around tweaking the Submission configs in DSpace 7:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Configuration+changes+in+the+submission+process">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Configuration+changes+in+the+submission+process</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Configuration changes in the submission process - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Configuration+changes+in+the+submission+process">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Configuration+changes+in+the+submission+process</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The DSpace 7 team is doing great work, but it's still under-resourced (which has affected how quickly we can move). It's primarily Atmire staff, 4Science staff, William Welling (Texas A&amp;M) and a few other folks who chip in occasionally.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Still the next goal is to get the Search &amp; Submission work to a demo-able status (hopefully before end of year), so that we can do video demos, etc to try to drum up more excitement &amp; contributions from others</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That's basically it for my updates. Nothing else to pass along, but always willing to answer questions, hear feedback, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; As for other topics on the agenda, we don't have any other *specific* topics to note today. But, I kept in the usual links to high priority tickets, and a few "ongoing discussion" topics (from weeks past)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I started testing <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1831/files">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1831/files</a> which I promised to test last week.  I am trying to duplicate the original problem in order to validate the fix.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3682: Fix reusing of the same vocabulary dialog by AlexanderS · Pull Request #1831 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1831/files">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1831/files</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, now might be a good opportunity to ask you all... is there anything else you'd like to discuss today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Much of my time has been spent in reviving DS-1224 (export metadata in various bibliographic formats).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1224">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1224</a> ] - [DS-1224] Export items in various bibliographic formats (as RIS, BibTeX, EndNote, IEEE,...) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I just wanted to note that reviewing DSpace 7 (contract) PRs is also really helpful and a good way to getting to know the code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I hope to find some more time to contribute to the project later this month.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, agreed. It'd be great (in general) if we could get more folks to review DSpace 7 REST API contract PRs (and/or PRs to master): <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/Rest7Contract">https://github.com/DSpace/Rest7Contract</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ GitHub - DSpace/Rest7Contract: Repository to discuss the new REST API contract for DSpace 7 <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group</a> ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/Rest7Contract">https://github.com/DSpace/Rest7Contract</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We could really use more DSpace 7 PR reviewers, especially on the REST side of things...it's literally mostly been @tom_desair, @bollini and I.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, that is a place that others could immediately contribute or "dip your toes in" as you find time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; looks guilty.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; No worries, @mwood... but we'd love to have your feedback when you find time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I would like to work over that submission document, to get started.  It could use some editing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think the big message here is this is a place where you can really start to learn about the DSpace 7 efforts in more detail (especially if you are a Java person more than an Angular person).  If you need help getting started, get in touch!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, not hearing other folks jumping to topics... I'm just going to add in an "observation" that these DevMtgs seem very *sparsely* attended as of late.  I'm hoping its just the time of year, and maybe folks feel 6.x is "working well enough" these days (no fire under them to get out a new release).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I also do admit though that we have a *lot* of DSpace meetings these days (what with Dspace 7 meetings, etc etc).  So, it could also be a "too many meetings" thing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; That and "not much attention paid to 5/6 right now, and 7 is not yet usable."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Speaking of 6.x, maybe we should start defining the (desired) scope of 6.3? I know that @pbecker has a few fixes ready regarding bitstream cleanup. And I also want to look into <a href="https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/dspace-tech/B8xYiL8bsKI">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/dspace-tech/B8xYiL8bsKI</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Google Groups ] - <a href="https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/dspace-tech/B8xYiL8bsKI">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/dspace-tech/B8xYiL8bsKI</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I think there are also some open PRs with Hibernate/DB improvements.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I still hope that the REST report enhancements make it into 6.3: <a href="https://github.com/terrywbrady/restReportTutorial/blob/master/README.md">https://github.com/terrywbrady/restReportTutorial/blob/master/README.md</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ restReportTutorial/README.md at master · terrywbrady/restReportTutorial · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/terrywbrady/restReportTutorial/blob/master/README.md">https://github.com/terrywbrady/restReportTutorial/blob/master/README.md</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; So maybe we should compile a list on the wiki or in Jira with a custom filter, and work towards fixing and merging those “priority” tickets.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree, 6.3 is a bit unknown right now.  I think it basically needs an "owner".  I'll admit, in recent weeks/months my time has been split and I haven't had time to devote towards 6.x at all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, yes, a Wiki page is a fine place to start</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; And we won't make you the owner just because you touched it first.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, usually we start with a "Status" page...and just start listing tickets of interest (can even be a simple bulleted list)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Eventually that Status page turns more into a "release notes" (like this one) <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.2+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.2+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 6.2 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.2+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.2+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, it often starts pretty simple...with a list of tickets and/or an automated, embedded, JIRA querty</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; If we get the tickets assigned to the new release, then the list can be a canned query.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Ok, I first need to wrap a few in-progress DSpace 7 things, and then I’ll put my DSpace 6 hat back on. Hopefully somewhere next week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The general idea here though is that 6.3 should still be a "mostly bug fix" sort of release.  Minor improvements are OK (e.g. I don't see an issue with @terrywbrady's REST report enhancements).  But, we should draw the line at new features and/or refactors, unless they somehow align perfectly with 7.0 work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And, thanks @tom_desair for bringing this up. I'll gladly chip in on this too in coming weeks where I can.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, speaking of coming weeks. I've completely forgotten that I'm out next week (DuraSpace staff meetings).  So, I'll miss this meeting (and all DSpace meetings) next week (Nov 13-17).  But, I'll be back the next week (other than USA Thanksgiving holiday Nov 23-24)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Is there anyone here willing to call/lead this meeting next week (Nov 15 @15UTC)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; Action: tdonohue will add the notes on my availability to today's agenda as a reminder</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I should be able to facilitate if nobody else wants it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I’ll try to compile a list of important tickets/PRs by then so we can discuss the DSpace 6.3 scope as one of the agenda points.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks, @mwood and @tom_desair</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; That would be a good start on a meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; OK, I have it on my calendar to facilitate next week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks again. Much appreciated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll still be on email off &amp; on next week.  But, won't be on Slack/IRC as much (if at all).  Still, I'll be sure to catch up on the meeting logs later on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, any other topics for today? It sounds like we have a good plan for next week, so we could close up early if we don't have anything else pressing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Would it be at all interesting to, say, do a search and then poke a button on the results page to download a BibTeX bibliography of those results?  There is interest here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I can confirm that it is a feature that is requested by many institutions (e.g. <a href="https://www.research-collection.ethz.ch/discover)">https://www.research-collection.ethz.ch/discover)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I'm just wondering how hard to work on making it contributable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I will ask on my end to see what the interest is here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think there would be interest...But, I will note that I *think* I heard of this elsewhere.  Trying to remember if this is something @bollini / 4Science has already working and offered to contribute</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (Or maybe someone else... for some reason 4Science comes to mind here though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; There are several issues filed, but they never seemed to get any traction.  I'm updating the EKT code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; And doing the XMLUI frontend, since that's what we use.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I guess I'd just recommend posting that you are working on this in another public forum (dspace-devel or the JIRA tickets in question).  I just want to be sure we aren't doing duplicative work here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; OK, good point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (Though, since I pinged @bollini, he might see this tomorrow and let you know if he has code or not)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Any last thoughts/topics for today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Have a good week!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; It would be nice if we can come up with something that is easily portable to DSpace 7. For example: a service that takes as input a `DiscoverQuery` object and an output format, and then generates the desired output. That should be easy to port to DSpace 7 REST.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Agreed, anything that is built (presumably for DSpace 6) should hopefully keep DSpace 7 in mind</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Interesting.  That might simplify the communication between -api and -XXXui pieces.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (And that's a general "best practice" for anything into DSpace 6.x going forward anyhow)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, as discussion has slowed here, I'm going to go ahead and close out the official meeting (no new topics).  Feel free to continue discussion however (and I'll still be lurking for a bit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; To start, I'm fitting it onto 5.6, but trying to avoid having to rework later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Since this would be a new service (Spring bean), I don’t think it is a problem if you develop this for DSpace 5.x first.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I will look at doing it that way.  Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; See you next week!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; *sigh*  If only these scads of methods were documented....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;bollini&gt; @mwood @tdonohue yes, we have code to export item and items list (from browse or search) in common bibliographic format like bibtex, ris, endnote but also citation string in different styles (APA, Chicago). It requires lot of configuration to be accurate but the infrastructure is very flexible. It is shipped out-of-box with dspace-cris. The entry point to inspect the code is this servlet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; <a href="https://github.com/4Science/DSpace/blob/dspace-5_x_x-cris/dspace-jspui/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/webui/servlet/ReferencesServlet.java">https://github.com/4Science/DSpace/blob/dspace-5_x_x-cris/dspace-jspui/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/webui/servlet/ReferencesServlet.java</a> it should be easy to extract it and all the related classes and copy also in a XMLUI. You will only need to add the form to post to the servlet the item IDs to export to reuse it Please note that it is not based on the EKT / BTE work as it was already here when they have contributed </span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; the flexibility of the solution that allow very accurate mapping trough configuration and writing of small extensions called virtual metadata we are never switch to BTE (for the export, it is used for the import of course)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/ReferencesServlet.java at dspace-5_x_x-cris · 4Science/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/4Science/DSpace/blob/dspace-5_x_x-cris/dspace-jspui/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/webui/servlet/ReferencesServlet.java">https://github.com/4Science/DSpace/blob/dspace-5_x_x-cris/dspace-jspui/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/webui/servlet/ReferencesServlet.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;bollini&gt; @terrywbrady @tdonohue @mwood about the IIIF viewer please keep in mind that we have a full fledged solution for dspace able to produce IIIF Manifest on the flight from the item metadata and bitstreams and we will be happy to share to costs to contribute it back to dspace (we already have three institutions that have adopted it and will turn on in production soon). Other than that, in DSpace-CRIS we have inc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; plugin external viewers. The viewer is offered to the user depending on the value of a custom metadata at the bitstream level. It is currently used by ours IIIF, Video Streaming addons and the open source CKAN integration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;bollini&gt; here <a href="https://github.com/4Science/DSpace/blob/dspace-5_x_x-cris/dspace-jspui/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/webui/jsptag/ItemTag.java#L601">https://github.com/4Science/DSpace/blob/dspace-5_x_x-cris/dspace-jspui/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/webui/jsptag/ItemTag.java#L601</a> is where the viewer framework is invoked in dspace-cris</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/ItemTag.java at dspace-5_x_x-cris · 4Science/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/4Science/DSpace/blob/dspace-5_x_x-cris/dspace-jspui/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/webui/jsptag/ItemTag.java#L601">https://github.com/4Science/DSpace/blob/dspace-5_x_x-cris/dspace-jspui/src/main/java/org/dspace/app/webui/jsptag/ItemTag.java#L601</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;bollini&gt; I think that we should introduce the concept of viewers in dspace7 out of box (I we have time)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @bollini, thanks for the reminder.  We are still figuring out how a IIIF viewer will relate to the contents of our repository.  Currently, aside from manifest files, we are not certain that the assets we present in IIIF will actually be stored in the repository.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;bollini&gt; I think that both use cases are valuable. In some case the manifest is itself a digital object with a dignity that need to be preserved. I'm talking about use cases where the iiif manifest is used to build reasoned reconstruction of manuscript maybe combining images from different sources or presenting side by side different transcriptions, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;bollini&gt; in most case the IIIF Manifest is just a specific format for the metadata, descriptive and structural (sequence and hierarchy of the images). In these case my position is that storing the resulting IIIF Manifest is mostly a waste of time... if you improve the metadata you need to re-edit the manifest, if you replace some images, if you want to update the IIIF version, etc. it is much easier to build such man</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; librarian to make conversion manually or externally and take care of maintain of the staff in sync (just my 0.01c)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@dyelar.mrb.ku.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>