<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2017-03-22
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-karatkievich.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-karatkievich.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-karatkievich.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-karatkievich.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@162.104.218.179) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @here: friendly reminder that our next DSpace DevMtg will be at the top of the hour here.   Agenda at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-03-22">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-03-22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2017-03-22 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-03-22">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-03-22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~anonymous@55d4337f.access.ecotel.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @here: Ok, it's DevMtg time! Agenda is already linked above</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; As you'll notice, it should look familiar...we've been running with mostly the same agenda of "let's get 6.1" out the door, for some time.  I think we are getting much closer, but we still have some issues to tackle / talk through</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Before we get into that though, I have a few notes at the top of the agenda</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; 1) Normal reminder of the DSpace 7 UI meeting tomorrow (16UTC / 12pm EDT) in Google Hangouts. More info at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 UI Working Group - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; 2) I'm going to be out of the office for much of the next two weeks (back to back trips, unfortunately). I'm at LDCX conference next week...followed by the DuraSpace Member Summit the first week in April</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; This means that I'm going to miss the next two DevMtgs (March 29 &amp; April 5), and next two DSpace 7 Mtgs.  I'll still be available via email (and sometimes Slack), but won't be able to attend the meetings</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~anonymous@55d4337f.access.ecotel.net) Quit (Quit: pbecker)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Would someone be willing to lead/organize the next two DevMtgs (March 29 &amp; April 5) in my absence? The agenda will roughly be the same (get 6.1 out the door as soon as we can), and as time allows do some PR or JIRA reviews</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~anonymous@55d4337f.access.ecotel.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; and announce the meetings beforehand</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, meeting reminders are always a good thing :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can do one.  Anybody else?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And it's unfortunate that I'm missing back-to-back weeks here... but that's just how my travel schedule falls this year.  I will keep up to date though via email &amp; meeting logs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~anonymous@55d4337f.access.ecotel.net) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I think it's just the 3 of us here right now...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I'm here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks mhwood for volunteering for one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'll take 29-March.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I'm here too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll let you others think on this further...we can look back around at the end of the mtg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; Action: hpottinger points at terrywbrady, he's here. :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks mhwood!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* th5 (~th5@unaffiliated/th5) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving along for now to 6.1 topics / tickets.  Our list of high-priority tickets is growing ever smaller (which is great to see).  We are closing in on 6.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I’m here also</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20and%20fixVersion%3D6.1%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%20%20%20">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20and%20fixVersion%3D6.1%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%20%20%20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20and%20fixVersion%3D6.1%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%20%20%20">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20and%20fixVersion%3D6.1%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC%20%20%20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In these tickets, we still do have a few needing volunteers (or new PRs), namely DS-3287 (ElasticSearch Stats), DS-3447 (ORCID API updates) and DS-3406 (alpha sort communities/collections)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3287">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3287</a> ] - [DS-3287] ElasticSearch fails (does not work at all) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447</a> ] - [DS-3447] Transition ORCID integration to ORCID API 2.0 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I tried to drum up interest in 3287</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3406">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3406</a> ] - [DS-3406] Sub-communities and collections not sorted alphabetically - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if anyone has some time...please help us move one of those three along.  I'd rank them in this order... 3406 seems highest priority to me, then 3287, finally 3447</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We could reschedule these for 6.2 as well, but in my opinion, I'd like to see if we can fix 3406 in 6.1 still.  3287 is also concerning (but no one seems to use ESStats or isn't coming forward)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; @tom_desair has commented recently on 3406... any closer?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Not yet, we still need to fix some failing tests (or investigate why they fail)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; want to do a new PR and ask for help?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, work in progress PRs are acceptable (even if tests fail) if you need help/support</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if there's early work to share / get feedback/help on, that's completely fine. We can flag the PR as WIP</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @tom_desair , I am thinking that 3108 can be closed once a wiki page is updated.  I have presumed that you have that documentation task.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I tend to put in a PR as soon as I have something readable. :-/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, DS-3108 has been waiting on docs for some time. That's nearly closable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3108">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3108</a> ] - [DS-3108] Support Shibboleth Authentication in the REST API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood +1, I actually prefer that route...as long as you let us know it's WIP and may not be ready for review quite yet ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; I have a handy image for that idea, but I don't know what the IRC bridge would do to it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along here to a few other tickets that have good momentum...I'll mention these one-by-one to get updates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-1140 / DSPR#1663 seems nearly (completely?) ready to go</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1140">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1140</a> ] - [DS-1140] Update MSWord Media Filter to use Apache POI (like PPT Filter) and also support .docx - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1663">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1663</a> ] - [DS-1140] Update MSWord Media Filter to use Apache POI (like PPT Filter) and also support .docx by mwoodiupui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Having reviewed the PR, I think the code looks good (thanks mhwood), and @tom_desair gave it a test/approval.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We'd need updated docs here (on how to enable this new filter), but are their any other things standing in the way of merging this for 6.1?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; *there*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I was just going to ask about docs.  OK, I'll track down where that would go.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: pretty sure all these media filters are documented on one wiki page in the official docs.  This just would need to be added in there as a new section</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; and here it is: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/Mediafilters+for+Transforming+DSpace+Content">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/Mediafilters+for+Transforming+DSpace+Content</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Mediafilters for Transforming DSpace Content - DSpace 5.x Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/Mediafilters+for+Transforming+DSpace+Content">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC5x/Mediafilters+for+Transforming+DSpace+Content</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Or, rather the 6.x version of that page: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC6x/Mediafilters+for+Transforming+DSpace+Content">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC6x/Mediafilters+for+Transforming+DSpace+Content</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Mediafilters for Transforming DSpace Content - DSpace 6.x Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC6x/Mediafilters+for+Transforming+DSpace+Content">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC6x/Mediafilters+for+Transforming+DSpace+Content</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; Action: tom_desair just finished the testing and review of two other PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks for the link!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, regarding the PR here (1663), I'm leaning towards just merging this (&amp; cherry-picking to master).  Others agree?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @tom_desair : thanks.  Did you have any updates on the Ds-3108 docs for us?  Just want to see if we need to talk to someone else for these docs, or if you have rough notes someone could enhance?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; No I’ll update the docs with more information on Shibboleth authentication before the next meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Just one question:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks @tom_desair. Much appreciated!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Why do we create a filter for word, for powerpoint and all the other ms formats if the library supports all of them?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Don't we duplicated code?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Or am I missing some differences between a Word and a PowerPoint filter?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The PPT filter has special needs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Check the discussion on <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1663">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1663</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-1140] Update MSWord Media Filter to use Apache POI (like PPT Filter) and also support .docx by mwoodiupui · Pull Request #1663 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1663">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1663</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, they are slightly different. There may be ways to "improve" all this in the future, but I'd say that's a separate ticket (for now).  The current issue is lack of support for *.docx (which this PR fixes)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There's another ticket for bringing in a Tika-based filter that handles them all and more, but that's for 7.0 or later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; DS-3042</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3042">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3042</a> ] - [DS-3042] convert media filters to curation tasks - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I'm going to merge 1663 and cherry-pick to master then. Sounds like we have approval here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Merged...will cherry pick later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; the other ticket with good momentum this week is DS-3389 / <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate/pull/19">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate/pull/19</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3389">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3389</a> ] - [DS-3389] Replication Task Suite add-on doesn&amp;#39;t work with DSpace 6 API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3389 Port RTS to DSpace 6 by KingKrimmson · Pull Request #19 · DSpace/dspace-replicate · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate/pull/19">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate/pull/19</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (thanks mhwood!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; Action: hpottinger wants to merge PR19</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger : I think I agree with you...but I have two (very minor) requests.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It has two approvals, one test.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; 1) Sounds like we need some 6.x specific docs for RTS (and we need to keep the existing 5.x docs too)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; 2) I kinda wish we could cut down on the large number of "exclusions" in the POM at: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate/pull/19#issuecomment-287743413">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate/pull/19#issuecomment-287743413</a>  But, maybe we need to see if any of these versions can be "synced" into the DSpace 6.1 API area *after* merging this PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3389 Port RTS to DSpace 6 by KingKrimmson · Pull Request #19 · DSpace/dspace-replicate · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate/pull/19#issuecomment-287743413">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate/pull/19#issuecomment-287743413</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; #2 is not a dealbreaker...just something that looks a bit "ugly" to me.  We could punt it for now though and simply write up a ticket to resolve</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; are the exclusions required after we release 6.1?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; My guess would be yes...as they are exclusions against 6.1-SNAPSHOT.  They are essentially mismatched dependencies between 6.1 API and RTS (if I understand this correctly)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, I've added a comment to DS-3389</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3389">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3389</a> ] - [DS-3389] Replication Task Suite add-on doesn&amp;#39;t work with DSpace 6 API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm just noting that we may want to look at these a tad closer...maybe some of these are "fixed" by simply updating dependency versions in the 6.1 API</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, others may have to wait for 7.0 (if they are something we don't feel safe updating in a minor release)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, @hpottinger are you willing to help steward this along?  I'm ok with merger, but I'd like someone to help ensure the docs get created (doesn't have to be you, but you can be the "pesterer" while I'm out).  And we should log a ticket to clean/fix these dependencies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; it was my thought that the mismatches were from libraries that have already been updated in 6.1-SNAPSHOT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; @tdonohue yes, I'll help, we want to use RTS with 6.x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @cwilper notes here that "it's happening because DuraCloud's dependency versions for aws libs are slightly newer than DSpace's": <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate/pull/19#issuecomment-287538822">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate/pull/19#issuecomment-287538822</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3389 Port RTS to DSpace 6 by KingKrimmson · Pull Request #19 · DSpace/dspace-replicate · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate/pull/19#issuecomment-287538822">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-replicate/pull/19#issuecomment-287538822</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm always available to pick at documentation. :-)  And I want to become more familiar with RTS and maybe use it here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, based on that, pretty sure some of these "go away" if we simply update DSpace API to use different AWS dependencies.   DuraCloud API is pulled in from RTS (for backups to DuraCloud) and it uses AWS.  DSpace API also now uses AWS for S3 storage (when enabled).  That's where the conflict seems to be</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, that's a big "guess" ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;cwilper&gt; @tdonohue that's what i'd suspect...just the versions for DSpace need to be upgraded to be consistent with DuraCloud's. that's the happy path anyway.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; @cwilper would you be willing to log a Jira issue for this required bump to dependency versions, and link it to DS-3389?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3389">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3389</a> ] - [DS-3389] Replication Task Suite add-on doesn&amp;#39;t work with DSpace 6 API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;cwilper&gt; @hpottinger sure, i'm on it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; ty</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Some day perhaps we should merge RTS into the main project group?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks, @cwilper!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yes, we may want to at some point.  Currently it *does* have some more "experiemental" areas though (that might need cleanup)...namely an experimental BagIt AIP format (as an alternative to the default METS-based AIPs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; It's the "right way" to back up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm guessing that MIT may have considerable experience with BagIt that could settle our nerves in that area.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, if we get some attention/review to some of those areas of RTS...I'm perfectly OK with merging it into the main codebase.  It simply started very "experimental", and now it's turned into "stable" and "recommended"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; so, 19 is OK to merge?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: FWIW, I'm not certain MIT even used/uses the BagIt format.  They planned to at one point...but not sure if that ever occurred. So, we'd need some fact finding here on whether it's "stable" or still "experimental"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger : thanks for getting us back on track.  Yes, merge it. But don't close the ticket until we have 6.x specific docs please ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK.  Maybe the experimental parts would be peeled off and remain separate.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; 3389 is marked as "docs required"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood++ (just a matter of peeling them off)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; after merging 19 a release is required</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yes, correct.  We'd need to do an RTS release alongside (or prior) to 6.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; PR19 is merged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, I can try to cut that release today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; as long as someone can talk me through it if I get stuck</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;cwilper&gt; Created: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3536">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3536</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3536">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3536</a> ] - [DS-3536] Update DSpace lib versions to align with RTS - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3536] Update DSpace lib versions to align with RTS - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3536">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3536</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger: I'll be around. We might want to bump up RTS to a new major release here.  Currently it's latest release is 3.3 (compatible with DSpace 3.x, 4.x or 5.x).  We might want to bump it to 4.0 or something</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Or we could sync it back up to DSpace API versions...and jump to 6.0 ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, that's the one decision point remaining on RTS...the release can happen whenever though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; votes on 6.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I guess the current master won't install and run in 5.x and below?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: nope.  The DSpace 6 API isn't compatible with DSpace 5.x.  So, updating RTS to use DSpace 6 API means it isn't compatible with DSpace 5.x or below</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So that definitely sounds like a new major to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; that's a good enough reason to jump a few versions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, I'd say I lean towards syncing this back up to DSpace API versions.  Bump it all the way to 6.0 (to make it crystal clear it only works with DSpace 6.x or above)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I have no objection to calling it 6.0.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; Of course, anyone using an additions/pom.xml that just grabbed the most recent RTS... they'd run into "weird trouble" while compiling</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; but that can be a "teachable moment"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Hopefully no one is doing that. It's not the recommended way to install RTS (per the RTS docs) ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; If RTS is only compatible to a special DSpace version it makes sinn to sync version numbers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; +1 for bumping it to 6.0 especially if it is not working with DSpace 5.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds like a decision then. Thanks all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; s/sinn/sense</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Realizing we are short on time here....but I think we've made it through the 6.1 tickets I wanted to make it through today. And, we've shown some good progress (thanks all)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; speaking of cutting releases....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Any final notes/thoughts from anyone (before we close up today's meeting)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (BTW, still looking for a volunteer to run this meeting in two weeks time... April 5 @ 15 UTC needs a volunteer organizer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @hpottinger : not sure we're quite ready to "schedule" 6.1 yet. We are getting very close, but I'd have a hard time coming up with a deadline still (though it could also be the fact that I'm out much of the next two weeks...and cannot push this forward myself)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I think we are still on an "as soon as possible" release schedule for 6.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; that almost sounds like a "deadline": after @tdonohue gets back</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Do we have a firm list of "this must be in 6.1" so we know when it is ready?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; 1) We need docs for things missing docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Just FYI I’ve tested <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1622">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1622</a> and <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1671">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1671</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-2947] DIM crosswalks repeats authority &amp; confidence values in the metadata values by toniprieto · Pull Request #1622 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1622">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1622</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3505] Bad redirection from logout action by mwoodiupui · Pull Request #1671 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1671">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1671</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; 2) DS-3406 really should be in this...it's bad behavior.  I'd also like 3287, but could live without it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3406">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3406</a> ] - [DS-3406] Sub-communities and collections not sorted alphabetically - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; 3) We need to dig through 6.0 released bug tickets/PRs to be sure there's nothing else we are "missing" / overlooking. If so, we may need to pull them in quickly or decide to reschedule for 6.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Those are the 3 priorities that I see prior to a 6.1 release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; and yes, #3 is purposefully vague...but I think deserves a double check here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks, logged.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; With that though, I'm going to close out today's meeting. I'll keep in touch in the coming weeks &amp; feel free to ping me via email or Slack (but don't be surprised if it takes me a while to respond to requests)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* th5 (~th5@unaffiliated/th5) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@162.104.218.179) Quit (Quit: Leaving 三三ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ LATER TATERS!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@129.237.146.131) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>