<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2017-07-05
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[4:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:27]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-tolkien.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:27]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-tolkien.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:27]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-tolkien.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:27]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-tolkien.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@biolinux.mrb.ku.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @here: As mentioned in dev, we'll have a brief meeting today just to touch base post-OR2017, and keep the momentum moving forward on getting 6.1 out the door ASAP</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Quick check of which 6.1 active developers/committers we have @here.  Could we do a quick role call?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Here!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Good, we have a few folks listening in then ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so quickly, a few notes from OR2017.  It was an excellent conference (as always).  My impression was the DSpace 7 talks/workshops went over well (but as I was presenting both, it's always possible I'm biased).  Nonetheless, I heard positive feedback overall after both</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The notes &amp; resources from the first DSpace + Angular Workshop (taught by @art-lowel and I) are now available on the wiki at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/OR2017+DSpace+Angular+Workshop">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/OR2017+DSpace+Angular+Workshop</a>  (The slidedeck and the DSpace 7 slidedeck are linked at the bottom of that page, as Resources)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I saw positive things about the Angular workshop on Twitter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; This workshop will be re-run at the Georgetown DSpace Meeting on Aug 22-23 (likely in a shorter version though).  But, all the resources are also there to "teach yourself" if individuals want to jump in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I also hope that we'll have this workshop elsewhere in the future and/or turn some of this into a webinar or similar. But that all is to be decided</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That's it for the basics from OR2017.  I'm sure others may have more to share/say once they return. I know several of these talks were also recorded (though I don't think the workshop was)...not sure when the recordings will be shared though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Now, on to 6.1 updates / status checks: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.1+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.1+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I noticed a new "High Priority" fix popped into our list: DS-3634</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3634">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3634</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Is this really a Blocker?  It sounds like there's something to still be verified here, based on @tom_desair's comment?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; No I think this ticket is not the blocker. We just need to document that handles in DSpace 6 are not based on the handle_id, but use a separate sequence.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I think the blocker one is <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3632">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3632</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, I recall we did specifically make that decision.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; the update-handle-script in DSpace 6 still asumes it can use the “handle_id”. But that’s not correct. It’s even not correct for DSpace 5 is you use versioning (where you have handles like 12345678/12.5)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so that needs to get on our 6.1 list then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Actually it is.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll get these tickets updated (downgrade 3634 and upgrade 3632)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, it's on the TODO list... not actually listed as a "blocker" though for 6.1 (i.e. not on high priority list)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; 3634 is now changed to a "minor" Documentation ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And 3632 now on the high priority list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, regarding the PRs for 3632, it sounds like these PRs have been tested and are essentially "ready to go"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; The DSpace 6 version has been tested by a user (see PR) but it still needs a review (and maybe a second test).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I can give these both a code review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Someone else should still test the DSpace 5 PR.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, thanks @tom_desair. If anyone else @here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That previous message was cut off on the IRC side...let's try that again:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If anyone else @here is interested in chipping in, we could use testers for <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1796">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1796</a> and <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1790">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1790</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Just wanted to be sure that got logged properly! ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, regarding the other "high priority" ticket, I noticed that <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3602">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3602</a> had more activity and another new PR: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1782">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1782</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll ping @kshepherd to see if he has any time to give this another review/test...but if this is important to anyone else here, it looks like this PR is now quite a bit smaller, and easier to test/consider for 6.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I’ll take a look at it tomorrow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks, @tom_desair!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, I'll also add this one to the top of the TODO list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Speaking of the TODO list, the list is looking pretty far along: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.1+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.1+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not sure if there's anything to specifically "call out" today for discussion... I admit, I still need to make it all the way through the list myself.  But, I plan to take a closer look at each of these myself *before* cutting 6.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Is there any here that folks want to specifically talk more about?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; It would be nice if someone could test the PRs for DS-3636</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; My process here will be to go through these one-by-one and give a code review and merge as many as look "ready to go".  However, any that still have outstanding questions or need further testing *may not make it into 6.1* (unless I find time to test or someone else steps forward to test)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3636">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3636</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; While 3636 looks nice, I'm not sure I'd be willing to merge more DB migrations without some thorough testing. In my mind, this could simply wait for 6.2, as the ticket itself is very "vague" in claims of "work increase the performance".  I believe it'd help yes, but not sure it's worth stuffing in at the last minute without good testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, that said, if anyone @here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; wants to help, this is another area that could use it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Normally it shouldn’t break stuff ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; that's assuming all the DB migrations don't break upgrades though ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Yes, we need to be ruthless in keeping new stuff *out* of 6.1 at this point unless absolutely necessary.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I think there will be a 6.2 before very long....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, @tom_desair I completely agree with the ideas behind 3636, but like @mwood I'm a bit nervous just stuffing in things that "should work" but haven't been fully tested ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, I suspect 6.2 won't be long</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; I’ll try to find a tester ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds fine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I am happy to see people hunting down these missing indexes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok...so, any other tickets to highlight here?  Or questions/comments in general?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Essentially my goal this week is to get 6.1 in a "shippable" state.  I'm hoping that'll occur before the end of this week, but it might wrap into early next week.  Either way, my best guess right now is that 6.1 likely will be *announced* early next week (but may be officially cut  on Fri, if we can finish things up today/tomorrow)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm going to strive to cut the release on Friday (if we can make it)...but I reserve the right to delay that until Monday as necessary. Either way, expect to see 6.1 announcements early next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Yay!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Any final thoughts / questions / comments here?  Or shall we wrap up for the day?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; None here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; :tada:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Once we have the releases out of the way, we should dedicate a DevMeeting on the discussion topics that were posted on the devel mailing list (support for more database and how to do dependency injection).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, let's consider that a meeting then!  I'll be on Slack during my normal working hours the next few days, and also on GitHub. Ping me as needed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And yes, I agree @tom_desair, we'll get back to those topics after 6.1 is out the door</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Just FYI, I’m on holiday next week so I might not respond quickly then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Have a good rest of your day/evening all, and I'll talk to you on Slack/GitHub!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; 'bye, all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks for the note, @tom_desair.  Have a good holiday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tom_desair&gt; Thx! And thx for the meeting! See you!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>