<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2018-06-13
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: our DSpace Developers Meeting starts at the top of the hour (~20mins).  Today's agenda is posted at <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-06-13">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-06-13</a>  (And it includes links to various slides/workshops from OR2018)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2018-06-13 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-06-13">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-06-13</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: It's DSpace DevMtg time!  Let's do a quick roll call to see who is able to join today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Well, it might be a rather short meeting if it's just the two of us, @jcreel256 ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I do know that several folks are at other conferences this week or on vacation, so I'm not surprised attendance is low today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi @mwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, we'll go ahead and get started. Still may be a rather short meeting, but we'll see if others are able to join in along the way.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; For topic #1 on the agenda, I added in a series of links to all the major DSpace talks/workshops (mostly around DSpace 7) from OR2018.  <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-06-13">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-06-13</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2018-06-13 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-06-13">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-06-13</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; There will also be a OR2018 summary email going out to all lists with this info (sometime this week).  It's waiting on me to record the DSpace 7 demo that I did live at OR2018 (as part of the DSpace 7 update talk).  Once I get that demo recorded (which was a big part of that talk), I'll be sending these out to everyone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Overall, the feedback I heard from OR2018 was very positive.  The DSpace 7 demo got a lot of smiles (and later "congrats, it's looking amazing" comments from several folks).  So, I think we've succeeded in generating some good excitement around DSpace 7 -- and hopefully we can carry that over to our mailing list ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DSpace 7 Workshops were also well attended (I counted about 30-40 in each)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Not sure if anyone else who attended OR2018 (@terrywbrady or @mwood) has more to share?  I also know we have a Dev Show &amp; Tell coming up on June 26 to talk OR2018, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I agree.  It was a great meeting.  I heard from a couple folks who may be interested in a future Sprint.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; It seemed there were a lot of sessions about dataset repositories.  The topic is heating up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, we did a lot of promotion of the next DSpace 7 Sprint (July 9-20), so I'm also hoping we'll get some sprinters out of it! <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 Community Sprints - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; It was good to see many familiar folks.  I was also surprised to hear from institutions using DSpace who do not regularly attend this meeting or DCAT.  It gave me a better sense of the depth of the community.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I should also note that at OR2018 there was a fair amount of discussion of COAR's Next Generation Repositories report: <a href="http://ngr.coar-repositories.org/">http://ngr.coar-repositories.org/</a>  It's worth getting familiar with, and DSpace 7 will be adding two new technologies (ResourceSync &amp; Signposting) to align with the recommendations out of that report</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ COAR Next Generation Repositories: Vision and Objectives ] - <a href="http://ngr.coar-repositories.org/">http://ngr.coar-repositories.org/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; At the show and tell meeting, I am also going to encourage conference speakers to summarize and re-post links to their talks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; ResourceSync: <a href="http://www.openarchives.org/rs">http://www.openarchives.org/rs</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ ResourceSync Framework Specification - Table of Contents ] - <a href="http://www.openarchives.org/rs">http://www.openarchives.org/rs</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Signposting: <a href="http://signposting.org/">http://signposting.org/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Signposting the Scholarly Web ] - <a href="http://signposting.org/">http://signposting.org/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it sounds like we'll have the opportunity to dig a little deeper in the upcoming Dev Show &amp; Tell, which is good.  Any last notes / concepts to share / link to?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I need to transcribe my notes while I can still understand them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; For the July Show and Tell, I would love to find another presenter who is a power user of Postman.  If you all know of anyone who might be good to ask, let me know.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady: Even a non-power user of Postman could be useful.  I know it was part of the REST API Workshop at OR2018, but keep in mind that it's still likely a very new tool to most DSpace Devs.... so, a basic intro could also be of use for that Show &amp; Tell</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Good point.  We can re-use some of the workshop steps for that purpose.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; :+1: exactly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; And I would love to do a Spring overview at a future meeting...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; "Spring" is a bit broad, to be honest (there are so many Spring-related tools, etc).  But, I think it would be useful to have a future meeting on how Spring is being used *in the new REST API* (again, some of the workshop stuff could be useful).  As I think that's the newest area of interest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I like the idea, but we likely need to scoped to how specific areas of DSpace use Spring (cause there's a lot of stuff in Spring that we *don't* use)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, moving along here...I think we have the basics from OR2018 covered!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DSpace 7 updates -- there's nothing much to share here, as all the recent effort went into prepping for OR2018 and the "live demo" there.  Again, I'll be recording the demo &amp; putting it up on YouTube this week, for anyone who missed it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, it's worth noting, we will NOT be having a DSpace 7 Meeting tomorrow (normally it's every Thurs at 14UTC)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Both Andrea B &amp; Art L are out this week, so I'd expect attendance to be low...plus, my week has turned more hectic than expected.  So, any DSpace 7 updates should be shared on Slack (and I noted such on angular-ui and rest-api channels)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving along to DSpace 6.3 updates... @kshepherd kindly shared updates in the Agenda (under bullet #3).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; 6.3 is almost "closed".  There's only one PR that is still open under the 6.3 milestone: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1999">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1999</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3870 S3 bitstore leaves connections to AWS open by benbosman · Pull Request #1999 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1999">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1999</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; This PR has been highlighted as fixing a major issue with the S3 assetstore implementation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; As Ben Bosman notes (in PR comments), it's been in production for 3 months.  He thinks it's ready to go, but really just wants more eyes on it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't imagine anyone &lt;here&gt; uses S3 regularly, and would have time/interest in testing this PR?  Otherwise, we may need to consider relying on trust &amp; just doing a code review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I am out the rest of this week and have some projects to catch up on.  I can help to re-test 6.3 once it is created.  Otherwise, my time will be limited.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; No S3 use here....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Not here either</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; nor us</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, well is anyone here willing to help me do a code review of PR#1999?   Obviously Ben is a trusted committer, and it's good to know it is used in Production.  Maybe we just let this through via code review, as it's gonna be "better than nothing"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, I'll give this a code review this week....and we'll also see what @kshepherd thinks.  My gut says this seems fine for a 6.3, but want to be sure others agree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I've been looking it over, but the diff doesn't give enough context to understand it.  Gotta just go read the whole thing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, I think that's accurate, @mwood.  There's a bit of refactoring here that doesn't necessarily make complete sense in the diff...but I'm assuming it would when looking at the overall code logic.  So, I'm in the same boat...need to find 20-30mins to dig in and understand this class more</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, I've assigned myself as a reviewer of the PR.  Will get to it this week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @kshepherd also noted in the agenda that he shared a draft of the 6.3 Release Notes / Announcement with Committers (this was just before OR2018).  So, I'd encourage Committers (here or reading later) to read that and give feedback (even just +1's).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I admit, this is another TODO for me too...I didn't have time to look at that draft myself, but will ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, as noted by @kshepherd we could use some backporting / forward porting help here.  I know we have a number of closed PRs with the "port to master" label.  We need some help simply porting these all to `master` to ensure the bug is fixed there too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Apr+label%3A%22port+to+master%22+is%3Aclosed">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Apr+label%3A%22port+to+master%22+is%3Aclosed</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Apr+label%3A%22port+to+master%22+is%3Aclosed">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Apr+label%3A%22port+to+master%22+is%3Aclosed</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Once a PR is ported to `master` and merged, we should remove that label from the old PR. This just ensures we know which PRs haven't yet been "synced" between branches</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Similarly, it looks like we have one PR with the "port to 6.x" label: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Apr+label%3A%22port+to+6.x%22+is%3Aclosed">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Apr+label%3A%22port+to+6.x%22+is%3Aclosed</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Apr+label%3A%22port+to+6.x%22+is%3Aclosed">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Apr+label%3A%22port+to+6.x%22+is%3Aclosed</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood: has <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2032">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2032</a> been ported to 6.x (for 6.3)?  Do we need to get this done ASAP?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3795] Update jackson-databind due to known vulnerabilities. by mwoodiupui · Pull Request #2032 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2032">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2032</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Or do we feel this should not yet be ported to 6.x?  Just wanting to understand why we have this label applied and whether it should be removed or resolved</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I'm trying to figure that out....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Looks like @kshepherd added the label.  Maybe it's worth analyzing if this can be simply ported to 6.x (for 6.3)?  Is that something you could do this week, @mwood?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I will look into it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If it's not a simple/clean port, I'd say we leave it out of 6.3.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, as you all can tell, there's a lot of porting effort that we could use help for (either leading up to 6.3 or just afterwards). So, anyone with free time could really help out by selecting a PR with a "port to master" label and creating a new PR that makes the same changes on `master`.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; It's not a flashy task, but it's necessary...and it'll get done faster if we all can chip in a little</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (And I'll gladly volunteer to review any such ported PRs and merge quickly.  Just assign me as a reviewer or ping me via Slack)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Noted.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, there's one more semi-major 5.x ticket that is open, has recommended workarounds (in comments) but simply needs a PR.  As we will be releasing a 5.9 (alongside 6.3, to backport a few major fixes), this is the last opportunity to get this annoying bug fixed: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3649">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3649</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3649] no longer can select eperson after upgrade to 5.6 - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3649">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3649</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3649">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3649</a> ] - [DS-3649] no longer can select eperson after upgrade to 5.6 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If anyone here is annoyed by this bug, I'd recommend taking a look at that ticket...this comment summarizes the proposed fix: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3649?focusedCommentId=58092&amp;page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-58092">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3649?focusedCommentId=58092&amp;page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-58092</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3649] no longer can select eperson after upgrade to 5.6 - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3649?focusedCommentId=58092&amp;page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-58092">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3649?focusedCommentId=58092&amp;page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-58092</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3649">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3649</a> ] - [DS-3649] no longer can select eperson after upgrade to 5.6 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think it's pretty quick, just a few lines...but I've not had a chance to verify on my end, or create a PR.  If anyone could find time to do this, it'd be a huge help.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I may have time to take a look at it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks, @mwood!  It seems like it should be relatively easy to reproduce.  The fix seems like a possible two-liner.  I'm glad to review this as needed too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think that's all I have for today's agenda.  Obviously there's a few things left to push forward here (hopefully very quickly) to get 6.3 and 5.9 out the door.  I'll try and touch base with @kshepherd later today/tomorrow to see how I can help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; My week so far has been busy, but there's "light at the end of the tunnel", so I'm hoping I'll have some more time to help move this forward quickly later this week and early next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Any last thoughts / comments / questions to share here from anyone (about any topics from today)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Not hearing anything. Thanks all, and please do help us get this release finished up / out the door!  I think we are nearly there, but just a few tasks remain to close it up &amp; get it out there!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot1&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll close the meeting for today.  As always, I'm available on Slack if things come up.  So we'll touch base via Slack &amp; at next week's meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ogres (uid159312@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pgfgkdyvqioajccl) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>