<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2018-07-11
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: I know it's a very late agenda &amp; reminder, but our weekly DSpace DevMtg is scheduled for the top of the hour (~13mins) here. It may be a brief meeting, but would like to do a post-6.3 wrapup, etc. <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-07-11">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-07-11</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2018-07-11 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-07-11">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-07-11</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: It's DevMtg time. I realize that the reminder and agenda were a bit late, but hopefully a few of you are still available today. Let's do a quick roll call to see who is joining us</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Joining in 2 min n</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Looks like we got a few of the usual suspects, which is good. It's been several weeks since we last talked (cause of recent travel / holidays), so welcome!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; As we haven't talked in several weeks, most of today may be a bit of a 6.3 Release wrap-up (what we felt went well, what still needs doing, what could have been improved, etc).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, before we get to that, a few brief updates/reminders</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; First the second DSpace 7 Sprint is going on this week (started on Monday, and goes through July 20). <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprint+2">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprint+2</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 Community Sprint 2 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprint+2">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprint+2</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We still welcome others to get involved (mostly we are catching up on backlogs of PRs that need review/testing, and also getting code that was demoed at OR2018 actually merged/finalized).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If you are interested in getting involved or following along, join us in the dev-sprint channel.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Also The next Dev Show &amp; Tell meeting will be at the end of this month.  It will feature tools for working with the new DSpace 7 REST API (so, it's a good opportunity to learn more about that part of DSpace 7) <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Dev+Show+and+Tell+-+July+31%2C+2018+-+1500UTC+-+REST+API+Tools">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Dev+Show+and+Tell+-+July+31%2C+2018+-+1500UTC+-+REST+API+Tools</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Dev Show and Tell - July 31, 2018 - 1500UTC - REST API Tools - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Dev+Show+and+Tell+-+July+31%2C+2018+-+1500UTC+-+REST+API+Tools">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Dev+Show+and+Tell+-+July+31%2C+2018+-+1500UTC+-+REST+API+Tools</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Just a reminder... for any new Sprint participants, the following resource is available: <a href="https://dspace-labs.github.io/DSpace7RestTutorial/walkthrough/intro">https://dspace-labs.github.io/DSpace7RestTutorial/walkthrough/intro</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 REST Code Walkthrough | DSpace 7 REST API Tutorial ] - <a href="https://dspace-labs.github.io/DSpace7RestTutorial/walkthrough/intro">https://dspace-labs.github.io/DSpace7RestTutorial/walkthrough/intro</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And the DSpace Entities Working Group is still yet to be re-established....it has been delayed from vacations, etc.  So, expect more on a new iteration of this working group (and a call for new participants) in coming week or so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; If any of you have an additional API tool to share at the Dev Show and Tell meeting, let me know.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That's it for the DSpace 7 related updates &amp; updates from other Working Groups/efforts.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Any questions/comments though before I move forward?  Or any other quick announcements/reminders that anyone wants to share?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I have been doing some work on our Docker Images: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace-Labs/DSpace-Docker-Images/blob/master/README.md">https://github.com/DSpace-Labs/DSpace-Docker-Images/blob/master/README.md</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace-Docker-Images/README.md at master · DSpace-Labs/DSpace-Docker-Images · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace-Labs/DSpace-Docker-Images/blob/master/README.md">https://github.com/DSpace-Labs/DSpace-Docker-Images/blob/master/README.md</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; @terrywbrady is that show and tell supposed to have a focus on the 7 REST API or is the 5/6 just as relevant?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Thanks to @mohideen for submitting a PR.  I am eager to get more feedback on these images and their proposed usage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @jcreel256, the tools should apply to any  version.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @art-lowel will show how he uses Postman to query the solr service.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady: maybe it'd be worth having you walk us through this DSpace Docker proposal at some point in more detail -- either in this meeting in a future week, or in a Dev Show &amp; Tell.  It looks interesting, but might deserve a walkthough/discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, thanks for moving DSpace Docker stuff forward!  Glad to see this going on.  I just need to catch up on the work/discussion ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @tdonohue that sounds like a good plan.  I will likely make that the focus of the Aug Show and Tell.  I would be glad to do an update here as well if folks are interested.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; A regular update might be nice here, if there's anything to say in a given week. But, yes, a Show &amp; tell to talk through it, ask questions, etc would be wonderful!  Looking forward to it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And obviously anyone interested in this should join the dspace-docker channel in Slack ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @jcreel256 let me know if you can think of additional api tools that would be good to show at the July Show and Tell.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; Yes, we have something in mind.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; <a href="https://github.com/TAMULib/MetadataAssignmentToolService">https://github.com/TAMULib/MetadataAssignmentToolService</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ GitHub - TAMULib/MetadataAssignmentToolService ] - <a href="https://github.com/TAMULib/MetadataAssignmentToolService">https://github.com/TAMULib/MetadataAssignmentToolService</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving back to the agenda now... 6.3 wrap-up!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; <a href="https://github.com/TAMULib/MetadataAssignmentToolService/blob/master/src/main/java/edu/tamu/app/service/repository/DSpaceRepository.java">https://github.com/TAMULib/MetadataAssignmentToolService/blob/master/src/main/java/edu/tamu/app/service/repository/DSpaceRepository.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ MetadataAssignmentToolService/DSpaceRepository.java at master · TAMULib/MetadataAssignmentToolService · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/TAMULib/MetadataAssignmentToolService/blob/master/src/main/java/edu/tamu/app/service/repository/DSpaceRepository.java">https://github.com/TAMULib/MetadataAssignmentToolService/blob/master/src/main/java/edu/tamu/app/service/repository/DSpaceRepository.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; First, as this is the first meeting we've had since 6.3 went out the door, I'd like to again say thanks to everyone who chipped in here!  It was a pretty large bug fix release with a lot of contributors!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I won't call out everyone here, but thanks especially to @kshepherd (who is asleep right now, or should be).  The full list of contributors though is in the Release Notes: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC6x/Release+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC6x/Release+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Release Notes - DSpace 6.x Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC6x/Release+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC6x/Release+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @tdonohue did you send a release announcement to the dist lists?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @kshepherd sent out the release announcement, yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; As I said though, this happened a few weeks back (we haven't met in some time).  Here was the announcement from Kim: <a href="https://groups.google.com/d/msg/dspace-community/xM2-R_ELNg8/TsHLbtqqCAAJ">https://groups.google.com/d/msg/dspace-community/xM2-R_ELNg8/TsHLbtqqCAAJ</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Google Groups ] - <a href="https://groups.google.com/d/msg/dspace-community/xM2-R_ELNg8/TsHLbtqqCAAJ">https://groups.google.com/d/msg/dspace-community/xM2-R_ELNg8/TsHLbtqqCAAJ</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And as he noted there, we had 37 contributors to 6.3 alone!  That's massive for a bug fix release...most bug-fix releases tend to have 10 or less.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, job well done.  But, the work is never complete ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; As a reminder, we still have several bug fixes that were applied in 6.3 that need to be adapted/ported to our `master` branch.  Kim created a useful spreadsheet for our reference:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1X-Zk56gz-wg6p7JaiuBzzUquqOvwwx_-o_ZDDvGPSQU/edit?usp=sharing">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1X-Zk56gz-wg6p7JaiuBzzUquqOvwwx_-o_ZDDvGPSQU/edit?usp=sharing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Closed for 6.3 but still need port to master (search JIRA for 63_PORT_TO_MASTER) - Google Sheets ] - <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1X-Zk56gz-wg6p7JaiuBzzUquqOvwwx_-o_ZDDvGPSQU/edit?usp=sharing">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1X-Zk56gz-wg6p7JaiuBzzUquqOvwwx_-o_ZDDvGPSQU/edit?usp=sharing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, Kim &amp; I could use help in taking these (already merged/released) 6.3 PRs and porting them over to the `master` branch, quickly reviewing &amp; merging.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not concerned too much with heavy testing of these ported PRs (as they were tested for 6.3, and the 6.3 and master APIs are rather similar).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, the job is more to port them...have someone else compare the 6.3 PR with the new `master` PR, ensure it passes unit tests, etc...and then get it merged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; As a reminder, the biggest challenge in porting these PRs is our new code style requirements on `master`: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Code+Style+Guide">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Code+Style+Guide</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Code Style Guide - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Code+Style+Guide">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Code+Style+Guide</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Unfortunately, as these code style requirements *don't exist* in 6.x, many of these PRs cannot be simply cherry-picked to `master`.  There's often (minor) code realignment / style fixes that need to occur.  Travis CI will keep you honest though, as it will validate style in all `master` PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Your IDE may be adjustable to catch these when porting to master, and 'mvn clean verify' should also show any problems.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if others are willing to chip in here, I could use the help.  This would go much much faster if a few people are working on it, than if it falls down to 1-2 people.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; To that end, I just added a new "Volunteer" column to that spreadsheet: <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1X-Zk56gz-wg6p7JaiuBzzUquqOvwwx_-o_ZDDvGPSQU/edit?usp=sharing">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1X-Zk56gz-wg6p7JaiuBzzUquqOvwwx_-o_ZDDvGPSQU/edit?usp=sharing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Closed for 6.3 but still need port to master (search JIRA for 63_PORT_TO_MASTER) - Google Sheets ] - <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1X-Zk56gz-wg6p7JaiuBzzUquqOvwwx_-o_ZDDvGPSQU/edit?usp=sharing">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1X-Zk56gz-wg6p7JaiuBzzUquqOvwwx_-o_ZDDvGPSQU/edit?usp=sharing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think this task will likely be ongoing for several weeks...but obviously, we should get this done as soon as possible.   Definitely let me know if there are questions on how to chip in!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; To wrap up the 6.x topic here..as noted in the agenda, I suspect we will have a 6.4 at some point.  But, currently there's no definitive schedule.  (And we should clean up these `master` ports before we move on to 6.4 anyhow)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Any questions / comments / thoughts about 6.x or 6.3?  Anything I missed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Nope</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Not hearing any ;)  We'll move along</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; As noted in topic #3 in the agenda.... now that 6.3 is out the door,  we may have a bit more time available in these weekly DevMtgs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Obviously, we'll still have certain ongoing topics...updates on DSpace 7 (and other efforts), and ensuring we get these 6.3 PRs ported to master</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, it seems to me like we'll have more and more opportunity for *new topics* / new areas of discussion / brainstorms / proposals</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (As an example, we are only about 1/2 way through today's meeting, and we've essentially covered the agenda)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'd like to offer to all of you the opportunity to bring new topics / discussions / brainstorms to this meeting as agenda items.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; While I gladly facilitate this meeting, I think the agenda should be more of a team effort here...so, suggesting topics for the agenda is more than welcome</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Okay:  better support for bulk operations, so that business logic doesn't need to know so much about the storage layer.  Specifically, perhaps a way to pass a callback into the storage layer, to be applied iteratively to the results of a query.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Then, the storage layer can handle batching, transaction boundaries, and other things that it should know about, and the business logic won't have to deal with them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; This is the result of thinking about a recent -tech posting from a site with half a million objects that needed checksum processing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood: the general idea sounds reasonable.  I'm not sure myself how to implement, but it seems like something that someone could investigate and come back with a proposal of "this is one way we could better support bulk operations"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Is this something you are suggesting you'd like to work on?  Or are you just looking for fellow brainstormers / others to collaborate on a proposal?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I was hoping someone else, with more ORM experience, would venture an opinion before I dive into coding.  I'm rather unlike an expert on that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, yes, this is exactly the sort of topics we could bring to these meetings...either as proposals...or as early brainstorms which ideally get volunteers to turn into a proposal / test implemenation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I suspect the challenge here is that we can come up with all sorts of "good ideas".  But, good ideas don't turn into code without someone finding time to dig in -- and finding that someone isn't always easy (as we all know)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (And that's a general challenge, not specific to this one idea)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I'm interested in contributing to this one, as I find the current approach bothersome.  We have similar problems all over the admin. tools.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; A different approach might also help to contain some of the caching issues we've fought (and may have to fight again).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Regarding Admin tooling, I wish that we could turn admin tasks and curation tasks into a simple set of modules that could be invoked in a consistent manner.  (And the new REST API could invoke any admin/curation task).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Yes, there are a lot of random admin. tools that should have been tasks, if tasks had existed when they were first written.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; At one time, I captured some thoughts here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~terrywbrady/Curation+System+Needs">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~terrywbrady/Curation+System+Needs</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Curation System Needs - Terry Brady - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~terrywbrady/Curation+System+Needs">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~terrywbrady/Curation+System+Needs</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; These are good discussions. I'm trying (in my head) to figure out the best way to support this sort of brainstorming / idea gathering in our virtual environment (either in these DevMtgs or elsewhere)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; It might be good to tackle this when the Admin features are addressed in REST 7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Obviously, ideally, we get the "right people" (with right expertise) to show up and hash it out...and then volunteers show up to implement.  But, as we all know, that's hard to do virtually.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; @terrywbrady those are some good thoughts.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Will CLI tasks access the DSpace API directly, or will they be run through REST.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We could however schedule out discussions on topics of interest in these meetings just to gather rough ideas/brainstorms (and hope others or one of us) can steward those into proposals/implementations.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; My suspicion is saying "let's leave this to DSpace 7" won't really work.  As the DSpace 7 team is really concentrating on moving quickly &amp; mostly just porting DSpace 6 stuff into this new environment.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Sounds well.  I often want to start by just airing an idea to find out:  is this daft? does anyone else care?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Maybe we need a "DSpace 7 Plumbing" WG.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, if we can use these meetings to brainstorm &amp; start to move towards proposals, we could perhaps "inject" small improvements into DSpace 7 at times....or at the worst, make proposals for how to improve in DSpace 8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DSpace 7 won't be the last release ;)  We should not try and stuff everything into it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; It will be worthwhile to hear the plan for Admin, Curation, and CLI tasks in DSpace 7.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Personally, I've just been putting the DSpace 7 milestone onto anything I come up with that isn't a bugfix.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; At some point, there'll be a decision:  this is the stuff we can get done without unduly delaying the release.  The rest will get swept onward to v8.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady: DSpace 7 is trying to tighten scope (to avoid scope creep &amp; get a release ready by early 2019).  Admin features that are at the UI level will need to be enabled in the REST API (which includes triggering curation tasks).  But, thinks like CLI I expect to be unchanged/untouched</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; *things* like CLI, I expect to be unchanged/untouched (from 6.x)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Thanks for filling me in on that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think that shouldn't limit our ability to create proposals &amp; code improvements. If there is more work/features that are *ready in time* for DSpace 7, we obviously would include them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, the current team on DSpace 7 is concentrating on a tightened scope...so, that current time won't address "plumbing" issues unless those issues are required to enable something in the REST API layer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; that current *team*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Nonetheless, it seems like we can use these meetings to start to discuss specific topics we see as beneficial to resolving in DSpace (no matter whether it is fixed in v7, v8 or v9).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; My comments were not a proposal to change scope.  Porting some of this functionality to a REST API is already a type of plumbing change.  I am not always current with the latest decisions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Before we go, I wanted to draw attention to a bug fix:  DS-3895.  It's a minor thing, apparently not causing trouble with stock code, but I tripped over it in local code.  The fix is conceptually small but it touches a variety of classes since it renames a method.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3895">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3895</a> ] - [DS-3895] Bitstream size can&amp;#39;t be referenced in HQL queries - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady: to be honest, no "decisions" have been made other than...we cannot delay DSpace 7 further, so we have to tighten scope.  Obviously that tightened scope will still including porting all functionality (in either XMLUI or JSPUI) into the REST API layer.  It's just we likely won't go beyond that ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @tdonohue That makes sense to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; So, it sounds like any revamping of CLI tools is scheduled for DSpace 8.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Or later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood: correct, unless some other developer resources step forward and take it on (and then, only if it can be done without throwing our DSpace 7 schedule out of wack).  The likelihood of that is low though, so my expectation is that would be done in DSpace 8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (I never can say something *won't* happen....resources sometimes arise out of the blue...but it's pretty unlikely at this point)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, we are at the top of the hour (over by 4 mins).  So, we should wrap this up!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; For next week, I'll add a brief summary of some of these topics to the agenda to see if we want to discuss them further.  Other discussion topics are also welcome (forward my way or add to agenda)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; The Dev Show and Tell Agendas have been updated: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Developer+Show+and+Tell+Meetings">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Developer+Show+and+Tell+Meetings</a>  @tdonohue, thanks for posting the last recording.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Developer Show and Tell Meetings - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Developer+Show+and+Tell+Meetings">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Developer+Show+and+Tell+Meetings</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has left #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>