<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2018-03-28
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:30]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:30]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:30]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:30]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-leguin.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kompewter (~kompewter@50.17.201.82) Quit (Ping timeout: 256 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 256 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@50.17.201.82) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Reminder that our DevMtg starts at the top of the hour (~12mins) here. Agenda at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-03-28">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-03-28</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2018-03-28 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-03-28">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-03-28</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: Welcome it's time for the DSpace DevMtg. Agenda is linked above :point_up: .</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Let's kick off (as usual) with a quick roll call to see who is here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jsavell-tamu&gt; here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; Hi everybody</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Looks like a good group here :slightly_smiling_face: welcome, all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Hi.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The agenda is a bit light again today, but we'll push through...and if we end up with extra time, maybe @kshepherd can use it to help wrangle help/support from us around 6.3 ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Quick question.  I am compiling an agenda for our next Dev show and tell meeting.  I would like to focus on IDE's and DSpace.  Would anyone here be interested in presenting how you use your IDE with DSpace?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll pause to see if anyone wants to help out @terrywbrady in the Dev Show &amp; Tell</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; We use Eclipse, but it's a but unwieldy at times.  I'd like to see what others do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I think it is time for me to move away from Eclipse.  Would you be interested in showing your process for using it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I suppose I should represent NetBeans, but I dunno what there is to show, specific to DSpace.  My usual method involves one virtual desktop with NetBeans maximized, and a second with lots of xterms to do all the stuff like redeploying webapp.s.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Thanks @mwood I will add you to the list.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think showing an individual's IDE process (install/deployment/bug fixing, whatever) is usual, no matter how obscure or unwieldy ;)  It's  a good learning opportunity for others to make suggestions to you...and it lets new devs know they are not alone if they are finding their IDE of choice a bit unwieldy right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i've had fun doing remote debugging into my vagrant box with IntelliJ, but.. i'd have to record something in advance. not sure i'd be good at a 3am or 4am demo :P</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @kshepherd that would be a great addition to the meeting notes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; and i think some of the atmire folks are probably better at that stuff, maybe they'd be interested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; (debugging in IntelliJ IDEA, that is)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, by volunteering to demo an IDE, you aren't expected to be an expert on how to "best work with DSpace" in that IDE....it'd just be useful to find someone who uses each IDE on a (relatively) regular basis</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I hope to confirm that Tom Desair can present.  We swapped the dates around, so I need to reconfirm with him.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @jcreel256, let me know if you are interested in participating.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, so as this is tangent is slowing down, I'm going to jump us back to the agenda.  But, definitely ping @terrywbrady if you are willing to demo an IDE</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; A quick update on DSpace Entities discussions...  The update is that no decision has been made yet. Discussions are ongoing (in Steering &amp; DSpace Entities WG), and the DSpace Entities WG is more closely looking at the Option #3 (Atmire Proposal)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If you want to watch/listen to the last DSpace Entities WG meeting, it's video is now available at <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/2018-03-23+DSpace+Entities+WG+Meeting+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/2018-03-23+DSpace+Entities+WG+Meeting+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ 2018-03-23 DSpace Entities WG Meeting Notes - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/2018-03-23+DSpace+Entities+WG+Meeting+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/2018-03-23+DSpace+Entities+WG+Meeting+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The Entities WG has their next meeting next week on Tues, April 3 at 14UTC.  Steering next discusses this topic on Weds, April 4</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I expect a decision point to be coming relatively soon, but I don't know whether to expect one next week, or if the discussion will roll over into the DuraSpace Member Summit (April 10-11)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if you have feedback to provide, and haven't given it, please consider doing so.  The Google Doc is still open for comments/questions/suggestions: <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1exm_xLToxUMszOvX5itSMFTn5eiGCdggL0Mf522GjHU/edit">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1exm_xLToxUMszOvX5itSMFTn5eiGCdggL0Mf522GjHU/edit</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Entities Overview / Discussion - Google Docs ] - <a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1exm_xLToxUMszOvX5itSMFTn5eiGCdggL0Mf522GjHU/edit">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1exm_xLToxUMszOvX5itSMFTn5eiGCdggL0Mf522GjHU/edit</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That's it for Entities updates, unless there are questions here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, not hearing any...moving right along</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DSpace 7 updates are again pretty minimal.  Nothing major to report from that working group.  But, I will note that 4Science will be demoing their new Submission/Workflow Angular UI in tomorrow's mtg.  This UI was built for DSpace-CRIS, but we'll be discussing what to bring back into DSpace 7 tomorrow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And the Community Sprint planning is still coming along. hoping to have it finalized by early in April (next few weeks). <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 Community Sprints - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That's pretty much it for DSpace 7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I guess I'll pause here to ask what may be an obvious question -- do folks attending this meeting find these updates at the beginning of DevMtg *useful*?  If you'd rather take this meeting right into other activities, I could simply write/summarize all updates into the agenda for you to read prior to the mtg.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i think it's cool to hear updates, then people can chip in with questions or notes, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm just trying to find the best way to engage all you here, and also keep you up-to-date on everything else going on in other mtgs ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I think it's useful, but brevity is appreciated so that we have time for other stuff.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; if it's all in the agenda there isn't as much opportunity for conversation about the update items</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; true, thanks for the feedback @kshepherd and @mwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. So, we'll move this along. I haven't heard any burning questions, so lets dive into 6.3 updates/status.  I wonder if I could turn this over to you @kshepherd?  We essentially have as much of the rest of the mtg as you want to talk 6.3</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; heh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; well, things are moving, thanks to those who've helped out with PR approvals, merges, ports, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i haven't had any direct response to the 'call for volunteers' emails, but i'm hoping that i can at the very least encourage some more committers to help out with reviews, especially of the "quick win" PRs, and PRs that already have 1 or more approval</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; that's really where we get stuff -- not enough people reviewing PRs, and with our policy of &gt;=2 reviews for a committer contribution, &gt;=3 reviews for a non-committer contribution, there are one-liner obvious changes that just can't get merged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; DSPR#1997 may be wanted for 6.3, since Maxmind intends to end GeoIP Legacy updates the first of next month.  The PR is still work in progress but getting close.  Yeah, I need to stop making things to review and do some reviewing....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1997">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1997</a> ] - [DS-3832] Upgrade to GeoIP2. by mwoodiupui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd encourage us to not wait on obvious, one-liners.  I think we can make exceptions and get those in with simply 1-2 reviews</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ok, yes, that was one suggestion i had: it's a really obvious quick fix, then let's just do it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And, if it's obvious, but you want a second set of eyes, feel free to ping someone on it (who is online, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I will be glad to spend a few hours testing.  I had a priority list of PR's from new contributors.  I know I made it through half of that list.  I will  try to resume going through that list.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; yes i've been harassing a few people.. the same poor, few people.. ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Oops, that's 2003.  1997 is for master.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Or, if you have a few that jump to mind, let me know the numbers and I will look at them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The ideal situation is everything gets two sets of eyes...but, I honestly don't care much if that is 2 committers, 1 committers &amp; a contributor/tester, etc.  That said, obvious, one-liners we can make exceptions for.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @terrywbrady yep thanks. i've been trying to keep on top of milestones and labels in the github PRs list too, so hopefully you can just look at the 6.3 quick wins</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; or check dev to see if i'm begging for a specific review :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; and if anyone is OK with being tagged in slack whenever i need a +1 or a test, please let me know.. i don't want to start spamming people with slack alerts unless they sign up for it!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; OK, I will look at the quick win list.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And I wish I could be chipping in more on reviews over the last week. I'd really appreciate it if we could find others &lt;here&gt; (or on dev) that are willing to do some simple code reviews.  I do my best to get to it, but some days end up being almost completely meeting-ful</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; The other place we might get a bit stuck is just the scope of the release, which we know is still a bit uncertain, and my plan was just to see how much we could get in, within a week or two. So far, that's not a lot ;) So if we're still moving a bit slowly in another 2 weeks, we might have to really trim down the list of contributions to be released to a handful of priority/urgent bugfixes and just concentr</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; get things ready to merge and start ticking off a lot of items on the 6.3 Release Planning page that are 90% there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 6.3 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; I will try to stay in dev until 2200 UTC if anyone wants to chat 6.3 stuff, ask for help with a PR or JIRA issue, make suggestions/contributions/whatever</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @kshepherd I'm OK with being pinged on Slack on specific tickets that seem quite "stuck" or really need my input.  But, that said, I don't feel I need to be in the review process for everything...so I'm hoping we can both find others to chip in here (even non-committers can chip in on code reviews or testing)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; @jsavell-tamu and I are going to find an hour or so this week to put in some reviews on pending PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; :clap: Thanks, @jcreel256 and @jsavell-tamu!  That'd be much appreciated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; thanks @jcreel256 - that would be awesome</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; if there are other/better ways we could be compiling and sharing lists of PRs that we want help with (whether it's reviews, testing, porting to a different branch, committing extra stuff), please sing out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; the release status page is pretty daunting, and hard to edit! but a good 'master doc' to keep track of where everything is at, what needs porting to master, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Following up on a conversation from the dev channel earlier today, Tim obtained control of the DSpace account on Dockerhub for us to publish recommended images.  I am looking for a couple of folks to help brainstorm how we should organize those images.  See <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Docker+Images">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Docker+Images</a>  @tdonohue, could we throw this on the agenda for next week?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Docker Images - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Docker+Images">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Docker+Images</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we have about 20 mins left here...We've basically made it through the agenda.  Are there other topics anyone would like to bring up for discussion?  Do we consider doing some PR/JIRA reviews together now/here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, and as I sent that, @terrywbrady brought up something else. I forgot to add Docker to today's agenda</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @kshepherd, my only suggestion would be to move the items that are unlikely to get addressed to the bottom of the list.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; (based on your best guess)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; @kshepherd the release status page is well curated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, we now have control over the Docker org at: <a href="https://hub.docker.com/u/dspace/">https://hub.docker.com/u/dspace/</a>  (Previously this was empty/abandoned).  If anyone wants to move forward work on building some DSpace docker image(s), get in touch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ None ] - <a href="https://hub.docker.com/u/dspace/">https://hub.docker.com/u/dspace/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (I should note, I'm not a Docker expert myself... I wanted to be sure we had an org in Docker Hub to publish images under. But, I'll need someone else(s) to take a lead on this...I'm a newbie)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I am glad to help coordinate... I am very much a newbie as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think anyone who has touched Docker is less newbie than I.  I admit, I haven't used it at all yet, but I do understand the concepts &amp; fully support others using/building on DSpace + Docker.  Someday, I'll very likely join you all ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; sounds very cool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, any other discussion topics to bring up here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Is there any reason *not* to enable XInclude when loading local configuration documents?  There was recent ML discussion of breaking up the submission forms document into smaller pieces, or pieces mechanically generated from other sources.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood: I admit, I don't know enough to respond.  That mailing list discussion was a surprise to me... I didn't realize it was possible to break up the XML configs into components</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; yeh, XInclude sounds good for avoiding needless repetition in input forms, submission config, etc. i'm on board for that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; For reference, here's the mailing list discussion thread we are talking about: <a href="https://groups.google.com/d/msg/dspace-tech/qL2Ou23s4ew/ClIFnpAuAwAJ">https://groups.google.com/d/msg/dspace-tech/qL2Ou23s4ew/ClIFnpAuAwAJ</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Google Groups ] - <a href="https://groups.google.com/d/msg/dspace-tech/qL2Ou23s4ew/ClIFnpAuAwAJ">https://groups.google.com/d/msg/dspace-tech/qL2Ou23s4ew/ClIFnpAuAwAJ</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Does this apply this to 6.3 or to 7.x?  Could this also apply to discovery.xml?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I'm not sure it's appropriate for a maintenance release, but I can be persuaded.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I haven't looked at discovery.xml, ever.  If it is big, chunky and repetitive then it might be a good candidate.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; discovery.xml is a Spring Config (which is loaded by Spring)... that might be a tad different from the input-forms.xml and item-submission.xml which we load in our DSpace API.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Oh.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, that said, there very well may be ways to split up Spring Configs too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; re: which version? yeh, it's kind of a significant change... i'd say there probably is a 6.x that could take new features like this but i'd been thinking of 6.3 specifically as a maintenance/bugfix release..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Well, if I do the work, I probably shouldn't do it until 6.3 is out.  I should be reviewing....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd say development on something like this should likely start against `master`.  But, I might be convinced that we should backport it to a (future) 6.4, whenever that would happen.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (Not against it, but I agree that likely not for 6.3)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Looking at that email thread, Claudia's recommendation uses the old SGML way of performing an include.  The xi:include looks preferable to me, but I do not know how well-supported it is across our XML libraries.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; It appears to be in the spec.  There is a factory method to turn it on.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I agree that this change makes sense for the master branch.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; DocumentBuilderFactory.setXIncludeAware(boolean)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Good to know!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; OK, I'll write up a ticket and try to leave it alone until I've done something to forward 6.3.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds good. Thanks for bringing this up, @mwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, that brings us nearly to the top of the hour.....which means we aren't gonna get to PR/JIRA reviews in this mtg.  That said, I know @kshepherd talked about hanging around in dev post-meeting to do some reviews</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; Final 6.3 Pitch: If anyone wants to hang out in dev and talk PRs after the meeting, I'll be around as well so I can help out with reviews of your pet PRs :slightly_smiling_face: If anyone is looking for a list of easy stuff to help with, here is a list of PRs filtered to 6.3, quick win, that already have 1 or more "approved" reviews:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22quick+win%22+milestone%3A6.3+review%3Aapproved">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22quick+win%22+milestone%3A6.3+review%3Aapproved</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22quick+win%22+milestone%3A6.3+review%3Aapproved">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22quick+win%22+milestone%3A6.3+review%3Aapproved</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I have to go in a minute or three, but I'll read the discussion tomorrow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, let's wrap up this meeting now.  I'd encourage folks to jump over to dev (if you have time) and join in some PR reviews.  I'll do so (at least for about 30ish mins), myself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>