<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2018-07-18
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[4:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ogres (uid159312@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tewvfbagyjvobhpw) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ivdl (~ivdl@146.232.125.245) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* DSpaceSlackBot1 (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kompewter (~kompewter@50.17.201.82) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@50.17.201.82) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ivdl (~ivdl@146.232.125.245) Quit (Quit: WeeChat 1.4)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ivdl (~ivdl@146.232.125.245) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ivdl (~ivdl@146.232.125.245) Quit (Quit: WeeChat 1.4)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: Reminder that our DSpace DevMtg is at the top of the hour (in about 10 mins).  Agenda at <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-07-18">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-07-18</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2018-07-18 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-07-18">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-07-18</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: It's DevMtg time.  Let's do a quick roll call to see who's able to join us today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Here!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; Hello everybody</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;hpottinger&gt; lurking, but oh so busy elsewhere, ping me if you need me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, looks like the usual suspects...welcome all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Agenda is a bit light today, but I pulled over some topics that came up from last week's mtg.  First we'll do a couple quick notes/reminders</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Next week, I'm out most of the week (at a DuraSpace staff mtg). I won't be at this meeting, but I know @terrywbrady and @pbecker wanted to lead a discussion on DSpace + Docker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; This will be based on notes here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+and+Docker">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+and+Docker</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace and Docker - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+and+Docker">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+and+Docker</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll obviously catch up on that discussion after I return, but look forward to seeing the notes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @tdonohue, I plan to review some of the Dockerhub account options.  If I discover that a paid plan would be useful for the project (for builds) would that be possible to support?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Maybe if you also discover some money....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady: we'd have to ask DSpace Steering (they control all DSpace funds).  And currently a new Steering Group will be elected over the summer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So.... maybe....but it likely won't happen until a new Steering is in place &amp; can discuss it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; If it looks like a good option, I will create a proposal.  I hope to run it by the group in our meeting next week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, prior to that, we'd need details on how much this would cost, benefits to project, etc.  Obviously those would be immediate questions from Steering.  Definitely a proposal is best way to start here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Back to our agenda for today...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DSpace 7 Sprint #2 is ongoing this week. If you want to follow along, join us in dev-sprint channel.  As always, we could use more code reviewers / testers on either side (Angular or REST/Java)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If you are interested, get in touch.  On the REST side, we basically need help reviewing all the PRs tagged with "REST API v7": <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22REST+API+v7%22">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22REST+API+v7%22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22REST+API+v7%22">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22REST+API+v7%22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; On the Angular side, we are pretty good right now (everything in progress has at least one review)...but additional testing is always welcome: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-angular/pulls">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-angular/pulls</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/dspace-angular · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-angular/pulls">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-angular/pulls</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; No other major updates there.  Tomorrow, there will be a DSpace 7 Mtg (in our normal 16UTC timeslot).  That's both a Sprint #2 wrapup, and a planning session for work over summer / fall.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I reviewed 2 of the REST blockers earlier today.  Thanks for sharing the list of additional ones.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Err. that DSpace 7 Mtg is in our normal *14UTC* timeslot..my mistake ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think that's it on the DSpace 7 side.  The DSpace 7 Entities WG is still yet to be reestablished.  We may touch on that tomorrow -- as I'm leaning towards reestablishing in late August.  August is looking like a very slow month (many folks out) for DSpace 7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; On to DSpace 6.x...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The only update there is that we still need help "porting" 6.3 bug fixes to `master`.  The list is here: <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1X-Zk56gz-wg6p7JaiuBzzUquqOvwwx_-o_ZDDvGPSQU/edit?usp=sharing">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1X-Zk56gz-wg6p7JaiuBzzUquqOvwwx_-o_ZDDvGPSQU/edit?usp=sharing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Closed for 6.3 but still need port to master (search JIRA for 63_PORT_TO_MASTER) - Google Sheets ] - <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1X-Zk56gz-wg6p7JaiuBzzUquqOvwwx_-o_ZDDvGPSQU/edit?usp=sharing">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1X-Zk56gz-wg6p7JaiuBzzUquqOvwwx_-o_ZDDvGPSQU/edit?usp=sharing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I've been hoping to get back to this myself, but haven't had a chance this week afterall.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Help/volunteers welcome. I know it's not glamorous work, but we should simply merge any ports quickly -- as long as the code is the same, and test pass, merge it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That's it for 6.x and 7.x updates.  Any questions / comments / suggestions on either of those?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Did we planned to release a 6.4 soon? Was there a follow-up to one of the bug fixes in 6.3? Or did we ended up with noticing that all was resolved with those fixes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We have no immediate plans for a 6.4.  There was a followup issue noted to one of the security issues in 6.3 -- but we realized it was only actionable if you already have *full admin* rights in the system.  So, it doesn't seem to warrant an immediate 6.4</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I imagine there *will be* a 6.4 at some point, but there's plenty of other work to be done right now.  So, 6.4 is waiting until it becomes a priority for someone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Not hearing any other questions.  So, we now have time for discussion.  I had noted/linked to a few discussion topics that came up last week about brainstorming "Plumbing" changes... see agenda topic #3</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-07-18">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-07-18</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2018-07-18 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-07-18">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-07-18</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We don't necessarily have to discuss these specific topics today.  If there are other issues/discussions folks want to bring up, that's fine.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, anyone want to suggest a topic to discuss first here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I am delighted with the progress I have made with Docker images.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I have 5 published images: <a href="https://hub.docker.com/r/dspace/dspace/tags/">https://hub.docker.com/r/dspace/dspace/tags/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ None ] - <a href="https://hub.docker.com/r/dspace/dspace/tags/">https://hub.docker.com/r/dspace/dspace/tags/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm looking forward to trying Docker at some point :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; @tdonohue it’s a good time to go ahead with this plan</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; And some compose files that make it easy to launch an instance.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Next, I want to perform some PR testing through Docker to see if that generates any additional ideas for tools to share.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; This looks great.  I have to ask (and likely the answer is "not yet"), but is there a Docker image for DSpace 7 (Angular + REST) in the works?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think it's awesome that you have one for all supported versions!  4.9, 5.9, 6.3</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I hope to create that as well (unless someone else creates it first).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, here's a question for you all.  Is there a way to better bring all of you into DSpace 7 discussions (I know some of you are lurkers...we just could use more "active" participants)?  Any thoughts on how to make that step from this meeting...to Sprints / DSpace 7 meetings?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Is there anything you could use to help out?  Anything we aren't doing but should be?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Sprint 1 was helpful for me to feel connected to the DSpace 7 effort.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Just this morning I went looking for "how to introduce a new concept to dspace-spring-rest" and didn't find anything.  There's a slide deck from OR that shows modifying the EPerson endpoint, but nothing for new construction.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; There is a docker imapge for angular already (<a href="https://github.com/DSpace-Labs/DSpace-Docker-Images/tree/master/dockerfiles/dspace-angular-dev).">https://github.com/DSpace-Labs/DSpace-Docker-Images/tree/master/dockerfiles/dspace-angular-dev).</a> It uses the REST demo endpoint from 4Science.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood: could we talk more about that?  By a "new concept" do you mean you want to help add in a new endpoint/feature?  Or you have an existing feature in mind but not sure where to start in designing/implementing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Just trying to understand exactly what you are looking for in docs/guidance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Fyi, the following exists for the REST code: <a href="https://dspace-labs.github.io/DSpace7RestTutorial/walkthrough/intro">https://dspace-labs.github.io/DSpace7RestTutorial/walkthrough/intro</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 REST Code Walkthrough | DSpace 7 REST API Tutorial ] - <a href="https://dspace-labs.github.io/DSpace7RestTutorial/walkthrough/intro">https://dspace-labs.github.io/DSpace7RestTutorial/walkthrough/intro</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Specifically:  we've found a use for Request Copy, I noticed that it's not in REST yet, I wrote a Jira issue for it, nobody's commented, so I thought I'd try implementing it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; @terrywbrady that looks useful.  Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood: aha, ok. I see.  Well, the normal process is..(1) claim the ticket (2) craft some (rough) ideas on it (ask for feedback, and even join a mtg and ask directly) (3) draft up what the REST Contract might look like (as for more feedback), then (4) start implementing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; For Sprints, we often do steps 1-3 ourselves...and only ask participants to do #4.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, if we haven't gotten to that topic yet...there's more of a gap, and more opportunity to help shape what that'd look like</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Is there a place for Request a Copy in the REST contract?  <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/Rest7Contract/">https://github.com/DSpace/Rest7Contract/</a>  If not, it might also be useful to start a PR against the contract.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ GitHub - DSpace/Rest7Contract: Repository to discuss the new REST API contract for DSpace 7 <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+UI+Working+Group</a> ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/Rest7Contract/">https://github.com/DSpace/Rest7Contract/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; It's not in the contract yet, no.  So, a REST Contact PR could be a good place to start brainstorming</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; OK, separate PR for the contract.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, ideally, we try to draft the contract first.  It's almost never perfect (and usually needs updates to bring it back in line with the final implementation).  But, it gives us something to discuss as a sort of "proposal"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; If I succeed in building something, I hope to be able to write the beginning of what I wanted to read.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @mwood that was my inspiration for the walkthrough documentation!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; It happens a lot. :-/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; This sounds like a good way to "get your feet wet" a bit in DSpace 7, @mwood.  I'd just suggest that you keep asking questions (especially in Slack or in DSpace 7 Mtgs).  If you also find gaps in docs/tutorial, it's an opportunity for us to fix it for others</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Will do.  I just added "PR to the REST Contract" to my personal 'spring-rest.howto'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And maybe this should be a new section to the Tutorial (How to get Started in Contributing)...if it isn't there already in some form</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'll also note that we obviously will be having a Sprint #3.  No specific dates yet, but I expect it'd be September sometime.  I'll keep you all posted, as that's another way to dive in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Not yet.  <a href="https://dspace-labs.github.io/DSpace7RestTutorial/walkthrough/next-steps">https://dspace-labs.github.io/DSpace7RestTutorial/walkthrough/next-steps</a>  Pull requests are welcome for the tutorial pages.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 REST API Tutorial | Learn the new interface for DSpace Client Apps ] - <a href="https://dspace-labs.github.io/DSpace7RestTutorial/walkthrough/next-steps">https://dspace-labs.github.io/DSpace7RestTutorial/walkthrough/next-steps</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if no one else has other topics pressing in their mind...I have another (very rough) idea to run by folks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Well, I did want some opinions on the bulk operations topic.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, we can go to that if you want, first, @mwood.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; This is Topic #3 a in the agenda</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; The storage layer has good interfaces for operating on single objects, clumps of related objects, and small batches, but can be troublesome if you have half a million objects that all need the same treatment.  I suggest that, for bulk operations, the storage layer should drive the process, which it can do efficiently, and business logic can pass in an object which performs the bulk operation on a single instanc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Just a clarification, I realized just now... by "storage layer", are you talking *specifically* just the bitstream storage?  Or are you including database bulk operations here too?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I'm actually talking about the database.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I just read about the bulk operation topic in the agenda of today’s meeting. I especially like the direction of the point “so that business logic doesn’t need to know so much about the storage layer”.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, we need to clarify that in the proposal. I read this initially as *bitstream storage*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Sorry, bitstreams and database are both under org.dspace.storage....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; @tdonohue I think @mwood is talking about the need to use context.setMode if you do a batch operation and the need to use context.uncacheentity.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, and the bitstream layer is called "StorageService"....which is why I thought you meant that ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I now understand what you are talking about</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; especially uncachEntity is hard to debug and often makes problems. But there are a lot of batch operations you cannot run without it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; @mwood am I right? is that what you have in mind?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Anyway:  what we mostly have is ways to get the database to return lists of things that match queries.  When the query matches a million things, we have long-running transactions and hold a lot of objects which are only used briefly and then discarded.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Yes, @pbecker that is the sort of problem I had in mind.  That, and the memory pressure of huge result sets.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so this is almost an extension of the problems/confusion we started documenting here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Database+Access">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Database+Access</a> (These docs are not complete though...there's a lot of gaps, but there's places for notes on "Batch Context" and "uncache entity", etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Database Access - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Database+Access">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Database+Access</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Imagine being able to handle the uncaching in *one place*.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @mwood, what is a sample query that you are running to initiate such a process?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; (an explanation, not SQL)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I'd have to look up the query.  The inspiration was from a discussion of someone's need to run checksum calculations over a large repository, which was eating up enormous amounts of memory.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think this is a good topic to be discussing...but, yes, it'd be good to understand the brainstorm/proposal here.  I think there's still a lot of confusion about how to do this "best" within Hibernate, and I expect that we aren't doing it most efficiently right now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; But it's probably whatever query you would find in ItemService.findAll</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Oops, BitstreamService.findAll.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And I'm not sure if this is solely about batch processing...or more generally about "memory/Context management" in Hibernate (which is mostly a pain during batch processing)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; @mwood Do I understand correctly: you’re suggesting a method that gets a call back and a list and runs the call back on every entry in the list, is handling the context mode and the cache on its own?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; This is similar to the types of iteration that are done in the Curation system except that the iteration is happening over the bitstream objects.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; So the call back must not keep any references between each run. right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Yes, except that Hibernate provides the "list" in response to a query.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Right, it should operate on one list element and be finished.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; @terrywbrady we actually had these problems with curation tasks (see <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1892)">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1892)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood: it sounds to me like you have some pretty specific ideas/brainstorms.  I'm still not sure I'm fully grasping the idea. Is there a chance you could write these up in more detail in some way?  This sounds interesting, just not sure I get the idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And I'm also not sure if what you are talking about is an API layer change, or tweaks to Hibernate settings, or both?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I will try to write up something.  Thanks, everyone, for the discussion so far.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; FWIW, Hibernate itself also does have some Batch processing recommendations: <a href="https://docs.jboss.org/hibernate/orm/3.3/reference/en-US/html/batch.html">https://docs.jboss.org/hibernate/orm/3.3/reference/en-US/html/batch.html</a>  And based on these, I think we have a BATCH_EDIT mode in Context object</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Chapter 13. Batch processing ] - <a href="https://docs.jboss.org/hibernate/orm/3.3/reference/en-US/html/batch.html">https://docs.jboss.org/hibernate/orm/3.3/reference/en-US/html/batch.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (Just noting those for reference...I'm not saying those solve this problem, likely they don't)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I think that these methods would use Hibernate differently but might not require different settings.  Basically:  how would we do things differently when we know that we don't need the list, only each element in turn.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Is this more than some kind of helper method that deals with the mode, loads an object from the list, runs the callback and uncaches the object?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Perhaps so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; It would be nice to *not* have to worry about remembering to uncache or reload objects, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (i.e. if that did happen all in one place)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I’m interested to see what you will come up with it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I think it might get complicated, if a helper method uses several objects from several lists combined in a specific order.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Or maybe loads the owning community to an item from a list. And so on…</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I think I have what I wanted for now.  Nobody has said, "oh, that obviously won't work because [something I didn't understand about ORM]"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds good, @mwood.  Let us know how it goes, and definitely come back when you have more info/ideas/etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Will do.  Thanks again, all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm realizing we are now over time here.  So, I'm going to wrap up today's meeting.   I won't see you next week, but the DevMtg is still happening at 15UTC on July 25</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And I look forward to reading the discussion on Docker out of that meeting!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Have a good one, all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Have a good vacation!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; good bye everyone!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; @terrywbrady sorry I took up all the time and we didn't get to curation issues.  And that we didn't hear @tdonohue’s topic yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; No worries @mwood.  I will bring up the curation idea as a possible solution when we get there. I have had some of these ideas for years, so they can wait for another meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; My topic was a very rough brainstorm on finding better ways to encourage Code Reviews of PRs (we have 141 open PRs).  I was playing with establishing a "Code Review" team or some way to encourage folks to help out &amp; also to specifically credit their work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; It's a very rough idea though, and I'll add it as a future agenda topic.  Feel free to brainstorm on your own on ways we can improve code reviews / PR backlogs in the meantime</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; OK, 'bye all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has left #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>