<html>

<head>

<title>IRC Log for #duraspace on irc.freenode.net, collected by DuraLogBot</title>

<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=ISO-8859-1" />
<meta name="description" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />
<meta name="keywords" content="IRC Log for #duraspace" />

<style type="text/css">
body {
    background: #ffffff;
    font-family: Verdana, Arial, Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size: 12px;
    color: #000000;
}
.irc-date  {font-family: Courier New, Courier, mono;}
.irc-green {color: #009200;}
.irc-black {color: #000000;}
.irc-brown {color: #7b0000;}
.irc-navy  {color: #00007b;}
.irc-brick {color: #9c009c;}
.irc-red   {color: #ff0000;}
}
</style>

</head>

<body>

<h1>#duraspace IRC Log</h1>

<p>
 <a href="../index.html">Index</a>
</p>

<h2>IRC Log for 2018-03-14
</h2>
<p>
 Timestamps are in GMT/BST.
</p>

<p><span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Reminder that our DSpace DevMtg will be coming up here the top of the hour (~35mins) in dev-mtg. Agenda at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-03-14">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-03-14</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2018-03-14 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-03-14">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-03-14</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: It's time for our weekly DSpace DevMtg. Agenda is linked above.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; As always, let's do a quick roll call, to see who's joining us today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Hi.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Welcome all...that's a quick, small quorum :slightly_smiling_face:  Let's go ahead and get started then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I won't go through the "Quick Reminders".  As always, you can look there for upcoming meetings of interest.  We've got DSpace 7 tomorrow, and Entities WG next week, Dev Show &amp; Tell in a few weeks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I did move DSpace Entities discussion to the top of this agenda (#1).  It's more to ensure I give you all an update on discussions in Steering Group (last week).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Steering discussed the overview doc (<a href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1exm_xLToxUMszOvX5itSMFTn5eiGCdggL0Mf522GjHU/edit).">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1exm_xLToxUMszOvX5itSMFTn5eiGCdggL0Mf522GjHU/edit).</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; They all agree of the importance of adding new entities (especially Authors for Author Profiles)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, there's no consensus yet on *how* to do so, and the timeline for doing so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Still, they feel this is important to figure out a plan ASAP, so that it can be put on the Roadmap.  So, Steering will meet again next week (21st) in a special meeting on this topic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (Normally Steering only meets monthly, but they wanted to meet again in 2 weeks specifically cause of the importance of this topic)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't have a good handle on the exact direction this will take quite yet...but obviously I'll keep you updated.  I can say that *several* institutions in Steering expressed a willingness to provide resources towards such an effort</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; but the effort would first need better scoping, planning and scheduling, obviously</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not sure if that brings up any immediate questions/concerns from you all...but, I wanted to be sure we had time to touch on this today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; sounds like progress</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I dribbled comments all down the side of that document today.  I hope they'll be useful.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, having Steering's attention &amp; view of this as "important" is good progress.  The hard part will now be in the planning of "how to get this done" (what general implementation plan, how to resource, when to schedule into roadmap, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks @mwood for the comments. They looked mostly supportive / complementary to existing content in that doc.  And your final comment on wanting more attention "on modelling" is something expressed in Steering as well. (and by @kshepherd too)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, next week, I should have more to report...as Steering is just prior to this meeting (literally the hour before).  :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, that's it on that update. I don't have anything else to mention on that topic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (Though I will leave with a teaser that some in Steering brainstormed a 3rd option to that Google Doc....I think it's being written up and will be distributed for more eyes/comment as soon as it is written up)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, that's it for now.  Moving along...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; DSpace 7 updates are mostly the usual. The effort is progressing, though we could use more resources / interested parties...even folks just willing to help review PRs (namely to DSpace/DSpace master branch) would be helpful.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In tomorrow's meeting we'll be talking a bit more about an idea to try and kick off some organized "community sprints", where several of us would work together on very specific list of features to get them implemented quickly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The early draft of that idea is at <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 Community Sprints - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i'd like to help with some of that but i haven't done anything with dspace 7 since the workshops at OR17 :P so i need to do some revision first</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, keep an eye out for more on those sprints...and sign up if the Sprint weeks seem doable for your schedule (once we finalize what weeks we'll run the first sprint)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @kshepherd: to be clear though, help even on simply reviewing PRs to master need not require much DSpace 7 expertise ;)  While yes, some PRs are building out new features in REST API, we also have a fair number right now that are simply cleaning up old Java code / updating dependencies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (and the number of PRs to `master` is getting a bit large...so help from those familiar with even the current Java code would be more than welcome!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; yep true, i just always like to be able to test + look at results with my own eyes, as well as code inspection / testing that things cleanly compile, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i'll take a look though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, those are my DSpace 7 updates for today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; On now to DSpace 6.x updates: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 6.3 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I've been hearing from several sources over the last week that folks are starting to get interested in seeing a 6.3 in the "nearish future" (no exact timelines yet)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I will make my weekly pitch for the 4 Report Tools PR's: <a href="https://github.com/terrywbrady/restReportTutorial/blob/master/README.md">https://github.com/terrywbrady/restReportTutorial/blob/master/README.md</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ restReportTutorial/README.md at master · terrywbrady/restReportTutorial · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/terrywbrady/restReportTutorial/blob/master/README.md">https://github.com/terrywbrady/restReportTutorial/blob/master/README.md</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; yes, i've been getting increasingly keen on helping to push out a 6.3 with quite a few important bugfixes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And, I also have seen reports on dspace-tech that our ORCiD integration is broken...cause we still use v1 API, and ORCiD seems to have disabled that API (ugh) instead of leaving it around for backwards compatibility.  See DS-3447</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447</a> ] - [DS-3447] Transition ORCID integration to ORCID API 2.0 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; but the list of things in JIRA with "fix version = 6.3" or "affects = 6.2" is... long! so we probably won't get everything in...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Yes, we put off work on ORCiD v2, there was an implementation spoken of, and then things got quiet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @terrywbrady things with PRs are a lot less overwhelming than the stack of issues with no code :slightly_smiling_face: i'll try to take a look today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @mwood yeh i was looking at that today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; could turn into a big job if they've removed or significantly changed some functionality we relied on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Exactly. We have almost too many tickets flagged as "possibly fixed" in 6.3 right now... I think we should start to narrow down to a "must have" list (ideally &lt; 10 open tickets, maybe even fewer than that)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; but on the other hand if it's already broken... might as well have a go. that ORCID v2 one will probably need at least one interested sponsor to really pick it up, won't be a simple one-day PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And to be clear...by "must have", I mean things we really *must* fix in 6.3.  Anything not in the "must have" can still get into 6.3...but we won't hold up 6.3 for it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; IIRC Atmire had some ORCiD v2 work brewing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; On the ORCiD v2 topic, I did ping Atmire on ticket DS-3447 (earlier today -- see final comment).  It sounds like they may have started this (and others may have as well), but we haven't seen any code back yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447</a> ] - [DS-3447] Transition ORCID integration to ORCID API 2.0 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; cool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I presume if 6.3 is successful, it will be a long time until a 6.4 is created so the release may include a number of fixes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @terrywbrady on the other hand... 6.3 might be smaller / more urgent, with the anticipation of a 6.4 in a few months</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; just to keep things moving. i dunno. that might be putting too much pressure on users who need to plan upgrades, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it sounds like we all agree that 6.3 planning should start to ramp up.  The next question is... anyone interested in leading this planning?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll chip in / provide feedback / support, but I'm not sure I can lead it at this moment (as you can tell, there's a lot of other DSpace discussions going on)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i will volunteer to help / be on the release team, and if nobody else wants to lead it, i can do that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; just want it done :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @kshepherd: Thanks!  The first step is honestly just to start to break down our massive list into "must have" vs "nice to have" ... and most probably fall into the latter category.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; does anyone know the history of <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a> ? looks useful but seems like it might be a bit out of date and hard to maintain</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 6.3 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.3+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; In the "must have" I think we mostly want to fix major bugs / performance issues, and anything that is highly annoying to users (e.g. I'd put the ORCiD fix in this *if* we get a PR very soon that is testable/reviewabl)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; The status page was initially generated by @tom_desair to simply help track tickets that should be in consideration for 6.3.  It started small-ish..but has grown quite a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @kshepherd, it would probably make sense to create a new version once the included items have been identified.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (And it's original idea was to provide checklist of things folks could look to chip in on, when they had time....cause at the time we had not formally planned out 6.3)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i've mostly been looking at JIRA tickets with a fix version of 6.3 -- that obviously doesn't capture everything... there are 23 such tickets, but a whopping 60 tickets with 'affects version = 6.2"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; JIRA is likely much more accurate here, and we could even switch to embedding the JIRA query into this page.  But, we still may want to pull out the subset of tickets that are "must have" (as that's harder to gage from a JIRA search)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; yep. if you know  of one that's not in the JIRA query like <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3788?jql=project%20%3D%20DS%20AND%20resolution%20%3D%20Unresolved%20and%20fixVersion%20%3D%206.3%20ORDER%20BY%20priority%20DESC%2C%20updated%20DESC">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3788?jql=project%20%3D%20DS%20AND%20resolution%20%3D%20Unresolved%20and%20fixVersion%20%3D%206.3%20ORDER%20BY%20priority%20DESC%2C%20updated%20DESC</a> please ping me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3788?jql=project%20%3D%20DS%20AND%20resolution%20%3D%20Unresolved%20and%20fixVersion%20%3D%206.3%20ORDER%20BY%20priority%20DESC%2C%20updated%20DESC">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3788?jql=project%20%3D%20DS%20AND%20resolution%20%3D%20Unresolved%20and%20fixVersion%20%3D%206.3%20ORDER%20BY%20priority%20DESC%2C%20updated%20DESC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3788">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3788</a> ] - [DS-3788] Flyway migration &amp;quot;Hibernate Workflow Migration&amp;quot; fails - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm also not wedded to this page as-is...I think a checklist of this nature might be good for small set of "must have" tickets. But, not necessary for all the "nice to have" stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; maybe we can aim to have the shortlist complete by next dev mtg, as many PRs tested and merged as possible and chasing others to supply PRs for  important issues with no code. and release date of 3-4 weeks time?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; (i'll be travelling april 16 - 20 NZ time, but still with laptop and internet connection and free evenings)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That sounds like good initial goals/timelines to me, as long as others can chip in here too.  I have a few tickets I'd want to consider for the shortlist, but not sure I know of all of them either :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I made a note to give these some attention.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Understanding that we are very resource constrained, I do want to raise one issue.  If we do end up deferring a large number of PR's, I think we need to have some consideration of the impact that has on contributors.  Do we need to alert potential contributors that most contributions to 6x will not be reviewed/merged?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @terrywbrady good to keep people in the loop, but again, it's not that their contributions won't be merged in 6.x, just perhaps not 6.3.. with a view to release a 6.4 as soon as we've got a decent amount of PRs merged to post-6.3 6.x branch, if that makes sense?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; maybe i'm being optimistic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady: I'm not sure I know right now whether that statement will be true.  I don't believe 6.x will "stop" with 6.3.  Also, sometimes the act of organizing a 6.3 will cause more resources to step forward &amp; make a case for / help quickly review PRs that have been sitting for some time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I do see your point that it's frustrating for PRs to sit for long periods of time.  I share in that frustration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I have had contributions waiting for 4-5 months to be tested.  It is discouraging.  I do not know how many first0time contributors we have in this batch.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; my personal instinct is that because DSpace 7 is such a big change and so far away, we should be expecting, and desiring, a *lot* of DSpace 6 point releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And right now, I admit, I struggle for an answer to how to solve the PR review backlog problem.  We, very frankly, need more individuals who feel it is their "role/duty" to review PRs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @kshepherd, that makes sense</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @terrywbrady yeh that feels annoying, I know :S at least you've got lots of PRs so hopefully some of us that are now pushing for a release will get around to helping out with testing, reviewing and merging :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Some of us feel it is their role and duty, but need to roll up sleeves and get to work. :flushed:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; heh yeh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; The time constraints are tough all around!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood: and thanks for that :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I definitely don't mean to blame the folks who are supporting the project / attending the meetings / etc etc.  :slightly_smiling_face:  It's just an obvious resource problem that I don't know how to clearly resolve</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Understood.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ideas are more than welcome though (ping me on Slack or email or whatever).  I admit, this is an ongoing frustration to me, which is why you will occasionally witness me run through a list of PRs on a Friday &amp; bulk review :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i run into trouble sometimes with testing, when the PR submitter is clearly more of an expert than any tester, or environment is hard to reproduce</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; eg. i don't have a shibboleth environment setup at home</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; that stopped me testing something recently</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @kshepherd: yes, me too. I do readily admit I sometimes skip PRs that I don't have ability to test. Though I still will try to make an effort to simply provide a code review to ensure the code looks "reasonable"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; (maybe this is only an issue for lonely freelancers like me... i'm trying to build that out with vagrant and docker and aws stuff for me to use, but another thing that'd help me with testing is some more verbose reproduction instructions, maybe even sharing some VM or container config that'd help me get started)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And in those situations, I tend to say something like "+1 Code looks good, but haven't tested" ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @tdonohue true, i'll try to at least do that in future</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Hopefully our upcoming Show and Tell meetings will reveal some good solutions for sharing environments and test states.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @kshepherd: yes, providing an easier test environment or test instructions would be nice / welcome. Not sure how to do that exactly right now...but, I will note we've done something like that for Angular UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; Action: tdonohue is looking for it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Sometimes, though, it comes down to "please describe the problem and its environment more fully."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @terrywbrady anyway, point taken, and if there are a bunch of PRs you think we can get into 6.3 and help keep contributor morale up and get more improvements into DSpace, even if it adds another week, I'm sure we'd all agree that was worth it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Aha, here's what I wrote recently on "how to test an Angular UI PR".  It's pretty basic though as Angular UI is not so far along...so this same idea may not apply for DSpace/DSpace. <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-angular#testing">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-angular#testing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i'm just nervous about 6.3 taking too long</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ GitHub - DSpace/dspace-angular: Angular UI for DSpace 7. See the README below for links to resources and documentation. ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-angular#testing">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-angular#testing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm realizing we have 10 mins left.  I think we've hit the main agenda topics. I do have a running list of "tickets/PRs" requiring more attention...but we already talked through the first one (ORCiD v2) as much as we could</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I want to make a plug for our next Developer Show and Tell Meeting: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Janitor+and+DSpace%2C+DSpace+Development+on+Codenvy+-+Mar+27%2C+2018+at+1500+UTC">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Janitor+and+DSpace%2C+DSpace+Development+on+Codenvy+-+Mar+27%2C+2018+at+1500+UTC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Janitor and DSpace, DSpace Development on Codenvy - Mar 27, 2018 at 1500 UTC - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Janitor+and+DSpace%2C+DSpace+Development+on+Codenvy+-+Mar+27%2C+2018+at+1500+UTC">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Janitor+and+DSpace%2C+DSpace+Development+on+Codenvy+-+Mar+27%2C+2018+at+1500+UTC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Just to wrap up 6.3... I'm assuming @kshepherd that you'll do some cleanup of the Status wiki page, and ping us when it's ready to have shortlist filled out?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And then next week, we can all take a look at that shortlist and discuss whether it looks good / if anything is missing (and/or should be removed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; yep - i'll start with a JIRA query, prioritise those, and scour the existing status page for other important issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And, I think we also should obviously *not forget* about the "nice to haves".  I think there's a lot of small PRs that likely could be merged quickly (in an "extra week").  But, we probably should start with the "must haves"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks @kshepherd for stepping up on this!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; np</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; regarding the other ticket/PR listed in the agenda, that needed attention (performance issues in 6.x with lots of bitstreams (maybe)), @tom_desair chipped in recently with a useful reply and some suggestions to help the reporters test/debug their issues more thoroughly. and helped me understand where things might be going wrong</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/dspace-tech/VIofW7EwEXY">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/dspace-tech/VIofW7EwEXY</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Google Groups ] - <a href="https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/dspace-tech/VIofW7EwEXY">https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/dspace-tech/VIofW7EwEXY</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; but i haven't managed to reproduce it yet... need to build up some different test data/bitstream scenarios and hook up a debugger, i think</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; aha... yea, I've mostly only had a much mind-space to note these discussions are occurring. I haven't had time to entirely follow them yet.  But, it seems like something to try to fix soon (if we can figure out the fix)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Fyi, I will be out of the office most of next week so I will miss this meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @terrywbrady i'll take a look at your REST PRs in the meantime, and if you have any PRs you think we should get onto as quick wins just ping me in dev or PM me or whatever :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady: I'm sure discussion will continue in coming weeks, so there will be continued opportunities to enhance the shortlist of tickets, etc.  But thanks for letting us know!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i'll likely miss the meeting as it's at 4am NZT, but i'll have an update written up first :P</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @kshepherd, thanks for testing.  I will take a look at the list today and send you my thoughts on specific tickets.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @kshepherd: oh yea, that's true. Please don't get up at 4am for us :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Btw, I have been having a great time getting DSpace running in Docker and in Codenvy.  Both solutions should make me a much more nimble tester of PR's</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; sounds good! i'd be lost without vagrant-dspace. keen to try more docker stuff too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady: I look forward to the Dev Show &amp; Tell</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I am as well.  I just finished my slides for the meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm realizing we are now over time...so, the official meeting is wrapped up (there's nothing else on agenda anyhow).  But, feel free to continue chit-chat as much as you want</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds like that's it... so, thanks all! Talk to you next week and/or on Slack</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Actually, I have to run now.  Thanks, all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; cheers all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has left #duraspace</span><br />
</p>

<p>
 These logs were automatically created by <b>DuraLogBot</b> on
 <a href="irc://irc.freenode.net/duraspace">irc.freenode.net</a>
 using the <a href="http://www.jibble.org/logbot/">Java IRC LogBot</a>.
</p>

</body>

</html>