<span class="irc-date">[2:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory_ (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-188-83.san.res.rr.com) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sbayliss (n=IceChat7@78-86-0-203.zone2.bethere.co.uk) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: 54 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (n=trig01@195.128.10.96) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sbayliss (n=IceChat7@78-86-0-203.zone2.bethere.co.uk) Quit (Read error: 110 (Connection timed out))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sbayliss (n=IceChat7@78-86-0-203.zone2.bethere.co.uk) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods_ (n=awoods@pool-72-66-9-76.bltmmd.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (i=mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:28]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sbayliss (n=IceChat7@78-86-0-203.zone2.bethere.co.uk) Quit (Read error: 110 (Connection timed out))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cbeer (n=chris@137.149.226.142) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cbeer (n=chris@137.149.226.142) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@64.50.88.162.ptr.us.xo.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (n=trig01@195.128.10.96) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cbeer (n=chris@137.149.227.104) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cbeer (n=chris@137.149.227.104) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* rrodgers (n=rrodgers@pool-173-76-17-204.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Hey all - is this the venue &amp; time for weekly DSpace committers mtg (or it's successor entity)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; Yes, it is.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; We'll start in a few minutes as people flow in.  Topics of interest?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Usual suspects - GSOC, 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Code licence - probably a quick one. Are we still legally the DS Foundation, or are we now 'Duraspace'?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Gothenburg conference - would be good to know who's going, and what they are planning on talking about.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jat_ysu (n=jeffreyt@MAAG127.MAAG.YSU.EDU) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; jat_ysu: Hi Jeff. We're just compiling a list of things to talk about today. Is there anything we need to talk about regarding documentation?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Just to remind folks to send me an email if they've updated something major....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; is Jira configured/able to do anything regarding documentation alerts?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is that noted on the "how to contribute" pages?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; I'm looking--nothing explicit regarding documentation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; And I'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt;  Hello, just getting off the phone. Sorry if I'm late</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; The wiki is another thing to ask about - its configuration seems to have changed recently. It requires the index.php (didn't used to), and file uploads no longer work (The upload directory (public) is not writable by the webserver.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; I'll give a brief update of what's been done in documentation and what I'm doing now to get the house in order.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; Just getting started.  Shall we do the 1.6 update, then GSOC, then rest?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; With the wiki - the google search box has also dissapeared</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - shall I start with 1.6?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I hope this is not going to precipitate into the a situtatin like the migration from moinmoin to wikimedia</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; Go ahead stuart.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 1.6 batch maetadata editing - now commited (+jspui), and Kim Shepherd has kindly volunteered to work on the xmlui.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; It needs a good amount of testing, because it could be disaterous if it went wrong! :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Stats: Mark W / mark D: Any update?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; why the sad face?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; ha ha</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; (Did your client interpret D followed by a : into a sad face?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; apparently</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt;  Stats: Mark W / Mark Diggory - Any update?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Not here, it just looks like a screaming face on its side.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Per statistics... I am still hot on the trail of working on UsageEvent (DSpaceServices) improvements</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This may be an important topic to discuss around 1.6 and what we want to include into it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; There are two paths that we can go down with 1.6...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 1.) minimal changes... use what exists in DSpace 1.6 without introducing a richer DSpace 2.0 Services capability</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 2.) introduce DSpace 2.0 Kernel and Services such that they can be used within DSpace 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This basically would allow use of the RequestService, SessionService, CachingService and EventService in DSpace 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; EventService would replace UsageEvent entirely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That sounds like Big Changes.  How many other bits would that touch.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Well, it is and it is not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Would #2 provide better migration 'control' when a site goes from 1.6. -&gt; 2.0 (That is, less "bumps in the road")?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; It would be (1) an example of maintaining a project "dspace-services" in the modules svn space that would be released separately and depended upon in dspace 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; which will be the relase model for dspace 2.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; jat_ysu: it provides a "stepping stone" for getting dspace users/developers used working with dspace 2.0 services</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and would assist in directing a migration path over several iterations for the dspace 1.x track</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; IMO, there would/should be dspace 1.7 etc as features using teh dspace-services strategy are migrated and evolve</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; I'd favor a development branch of 1.6 to demonstrate that these changes would not be destabilizing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; How much effort will this take to get integrated, and for us all to learn? If it better to put our energies into this, or better to keep 1.6 simple in the sense of no major architectural changes (and release it a bit quicker), and then devote all our effort to 2.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; rrodgers: that is a understandable request</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Yes, I agree....anything that gets us closer to modularity is no-brainer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There will be some confusion over the changing role of dspace/modules, which IIRC was presented as a place for one's local mod.s.  We'd need good communication on this point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stuartlewis: the challenge is that pushes off community involvement in 2.0 into the future (which keeps happening)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; I hate to add to the number soup, but what about 1.5.3 vs 1.6.0 for the cocoon bug.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and does not get the community involved in the direction of the project. It effecively bifurcates the community on 1.x and 2.x groups</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bradmc: a 1.5.3 should be a simple release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But we already have that 1.x/2.x split -- we'd just be taking a little longer to begin the healing. :-/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I don't think 1.5.3 would require major testathon initiatives or the like</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; My problem is that the longer you take to begin that healing, the worse the scar will be</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; meaning, the more you mix into 1.6, the harder it will be to untangle it later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Mark - how long do you think it would take to get a prototype 1.6+services brach up for us to see? And, if we didn't go down this route, would dspace solr stats still be a possibility?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; better to begin using best (bettter) practices now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mhwood: What is the state of the stats comparison work? We have @mire solr stats, what else is out there?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; well, Larry Stones uncovered an issue that I was suprised we missed in Usage Event</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; hard to fix?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I agree that if something from 2.x fits naturally into 1.x and has immediate benefits then there's little reason not to port it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I feel the "Services" give us a better model than the custom UI coding that will be required for the preexisting reporting we do using solr stats</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Stats:  hardly anybody wants to talk about it.  I will get a note out today asking for some discussion.  We've had good ideas from developers but no user input.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; rrodgers: its anothe thing that the Services fix just by their design</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mhwood: Maybe we could ask the global outreach committe if they could aks their users? Would be good for us to try and work with them more (the global outreach committee that is)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Maybe then pull stats from 1.6 and plan a 1.7 with DS2 services?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; DSpace 2.0 Service Manager / Kernel gives a request container that is present throughout the request lifecycle in the webapplication, even caching resides within it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Anything that will get people to talk about what "improved statistical support" actually means.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 1.7 wouldn't come until mid 2010, how far back would that push 2.0? Don't we need to get onto 2.0 a.s.a.p.?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I doubt that *everybody* will rush to 2.0 no matter how good it is.  1.7 might come out *after* 2.0.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ok, our window for relase of 1.6 is (stuartlewis correct me if I;m wrong)  to have an rc out by DSUG</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that is about 3 months away</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; 2 months better estimate ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, still a good window</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yes - that would be great - then we can have a live testathon sort of thing via livecds at the DSUG, and really try to promote it (Steve Jobs keynote style! :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I propose 1.7 as yet another stepping stone of 2.0 functionality entering into DSpace...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but that is speculative...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I should have been more careful about presenting it as an idea without clarifying</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I guess I wonder how we would use feedback from the user community on statistics when its rather obvious what is wanted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can see folk asking, "what's up with all these versions?"  From 1.5 to 2.0 we have big changes in the data model *and* big changes in the organization and operation of the code, so maybe that would help make sense of it for some.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Regarding stats - my gut feeling is that they want something, anything, just something that looks nice, wrte reports, and give download numbers on item spash pages.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is it obvious what is wanted?  What is wanted?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; what stuartlewis just said</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this is what @mire wants to contribute as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we agree on including Community, Collecio, Item and Bitstream, Author and Subject statistics</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; I have to ask--is it possible for users to use WebFocus or Crystal reports and grab data somewhere?  Could DSpace not accommodate that and nullify the need to write something for the end user?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Views adn Downloads</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; jat_ysu: this is a feature of the @mire Print Reporting modules, you can export to excel or other formats</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I would very much like to see a way to expose data for Some Other Package to do the heavy lifting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* bradmc has to step away in a few minutes.  No reason to stop though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; stuartlewis:  I'll get an answer on that license question</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mdiggory: How easy would it be for you to get a demo going of @mire stats for people to try out? We give them 7 days for comments, then work from there?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: I agree, with teh solr engine, you can query it using the REST services and do what you want with the output</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; bradmc: Thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bradmc&gt; stuartlewis:  MIT tripped over some sysadmin work on the wiki (it was actually down).  I'll ticket those remaining issues.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think I need to talk with Ben about that before giving an extimate on the UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, I'll summarize the discussion here and ask, "is that what you want?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mhwood: Thanks - sounds great :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; rrodgers: How are things with embargoes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Good - I've been working with Larry Stone and we now have an API and Harvard's implementation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; What is needed is a 'generic reference implementation' - it will differ a bit from Harvard's</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So a decision has been made as to the chosen solution? That's good. Do you have a rough timescale for getting it committed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Sorry - typed that too soon.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; rrodgers: is it Item level Embargo or Bitstream level Embargo?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Item -level</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Do you / MIT have the effort to do the ref implementation, or are you looking for volunteers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Could it be extended for bitstream level?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Volunteers welcome</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Not really</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we implemented Item level embargo for NESCent, that source is publically available</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Yes and this represents a more general solution of the same thing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; I'll put it up on the wiki - and folks can have a poke at it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sounds good, my hope is to assure there is compatibility.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Indeed, this should make all the Item-level custom solutions much easier to maintain, since they become plugins of well-defined interfaces</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So, do we reckon we can have stats &amp; embargoes readin the next 8 weeks?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; s/readin/ready</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; I'd say yes for embargo - even without help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Great stuff :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I would tentatively say yes for stats, as long as theres agreement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; agreement on strategy that is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; mdiggory: It is probably a case of silent agreent with stats - unless anyone shouts loudly against your solution, I'd take it as agreement.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think at this point we may have to (not that I think that would be bad).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; stuartlewis, I also think our Batch-edit stuff is nearly ready (ItemUpdate)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; OK - so are we done with 1.6 update? (thanks for the very positive progress updates)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; rrodgers: great - it sounds another useful tool.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; sorry i'm late. *scrolls up*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; some of my concernes have more to do with "integration" we have a lot of cooks in the kitchen, how do we coordinate the workflow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; how many different "branches" will be running on 1.6 and how will they come together in the end</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Modularity! :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we love modularity</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; I've only heard  2 - mainline and DS2 branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but I suspect there will be dspace-api, jspi, and xmlui changes that need special attention from all in the group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; rrodgers: oh... theres more ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I suppose I imagine that the release coordinator will watch those branches and decide what is ready to merge.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; What is your main concern? Conflicting api changes for embargoes and stats?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; No content API changes for embargo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and whatever else is in development on outside channels</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; No DB-schema changes either, for that matter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; rrodgers: thats great to hear... so it uses the metadata fields?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; yep - configurable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Can we (could we / should we?) just treat trunk as bleeding edge, all commit away, and fix later if problems arise? (for patches that aren't introducing any architectural changes at least anyway)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; excellent... just like dryad, very much approve</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; stuartlewis:  then a fix release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ouch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i thought i'd seen some conflicts between embargos and the delegated admin patch but i could be wrong, will have to check again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; kshepherd, which embargo code?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; No - would all be fixed before 1.6 is released, but just all get our code in there earlier rather than later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; rrodgers: JHU, so probably not the patch you're talking about?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; kshepherd, right - JHU not what I'm using</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; kshepherd: rrodgers is going to use the Harvard patch.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ok, cool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Is there more to discuss with 1.6? Or move to the next topic?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; running short ton time, next topic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; GSOC?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sure why not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; OK on GSOC - I forwarded the request for status report to Andrius</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; I've been on vacation for a few weeks, so I'll be learning also what he's up to....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thank you, I've been pushing some interesting topics from the Northwestern Fedora JCP connector onto you and have had IRC conversations with Andrius that it exists.  I'd recommend listening in or lurking in teh activity</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Just recently, they were load testing it... so that is progressing...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; thanks - I'm sure he can use good ideas</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think there is still a big need for direct mappings between dspace 2.0 and Fedora however</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so think is work is still very important</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; s/is/his</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I will give some status on Gauravs work at this point</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ARD Prasad has joined the team to mentor him and is working with him to get daily activity reports and feedback</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Gaurav is working on a status report to give on Frida</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we are recommending he focus on the database drive inputforms project exclusively instead of continuing onto submissions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; s/drive/driven</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; without jayan or aaron present, it looks as though we won't get status from them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but I will say that the Northwestern project may also inform us on teh REST front as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; at least in that we know we need a very clean REST implementation for DSpace initially and that the GSoC project is important</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Is that the GSOC update finsihed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and that off the shelf tooling like Sling has its own challenges in how they subvert the meaning of REST</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; well, a nice transition</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; perhaps we can talk about DSUG briefly?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yes - was about to suggest the same :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Who's going?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* stuartlewis is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd isn't :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Lucky dog</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory appears to be</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; (This is the Sweden DSUG in October 14th-16th)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood probably not -- our travel budget is halved this year.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bad times indeed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; Yep, I doubt I'll make if for travel budget reasons</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; We need to work together to try and make sure we cover the bases on 1.6 and 2.0.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think we should get a more conclusive estimate of commiter attendance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; well, sounds like you have the two bases covered</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; by posting to the dspace-commiter list to get a head count</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; our concern is in what developer related activities would be appropriate for the conference</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if committer group attendance is significant enough, there should be a meeting of some sort.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* stuartlewis thinks Tim D might be there too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I'll email Jonas and try to get an update o nthe programme, and start to work out what technical updates and presentations we need to do for 1.6 and 2.0 at the DSUG.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bradmc: do we have anything new on teh Foundation side?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; mdiggory, not sure he's still here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I suspect your correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Any other topics before the meeting concludes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; no</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Documentation update</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; oh yea, right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; most certainly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Brad has email me any and all sections needing attention.  They are done.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; jat_ysu: Sorry, slipped my mind!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; I've gleaned through the complete manual and made updates to typos and just plain wrong data from 1.4.x days</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hooray!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Now for the work:  Ch. 5 (Configure) is being updated completely to match all the components in the dspace.cfg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; jat_ysu, is your version up somewhere for review?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; commit it... ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Customizations such as jspui and xmlui will be split into a customization chapter.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; <a href="http://digital.maag.ysu.edu/jspui/doc">http://digital.maag.ysu.edu/jspui/doc</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; it's last weeks work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; thx</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Also, I'm working through the print.xsl style to get it a little more tuned due to Configuration's needs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; jat_ysu: I noticed a problem with the DRI reference docBook... seems to be poorly formed xml, did you catch that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; I will not leave anything out that is currently there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Yes...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; can we also consider adopting usage of the docBook schemas?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; My rule is this:  if it produces poorly in PDF it needs fixed.  HTML is very forgiving.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; How so?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I've been using XML Mind, but need to change the namespace/schema so that it recognizes it as docBook</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I will send it to you shortly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you tehn actually get WYSIWYG editing capabilities</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Gotcha.  I have to admit, that at first I thought docbook was going to be cumbersome--but I'm sold.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; I'm using &lt;/oxgyen&gt; and GoLive to edit.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://www.xmlmind.com/xmleditor/">http://www.xmlmind.com/xmleditor/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; got it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; I have FOP-0.94 installed here at YSU so I'm able to generate the end files for my use.  After they look correct, I commit to the trunk.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://www.xmlmind.com/xmleditor/screenshots/MathMLSupport.png">http://www.xmlmind.com/xmleditor/screenshots/MathMLSupport.png</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; mdiggory:  some of the issue isn't the docbook xml coding, it is FOP that sometimes burps and generates bad pdfs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; All I want to add is that if you have extensive updates, send them to me and I'll get them in fast....  I'll need the 1.6 stuff when something is committed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Or at least let me know you've added documentation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There was some talk about documentation issues last week and I believe you weren't present.  About adjustments to JIRA for documentation bugs/requests/patches.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; great.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I wonder if we can get away with less "shell scripting" in the conversion from docbook to html and pdf?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; sorry I wasn't in the office last week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yes - there is  now a JIRA category for documentation status</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; what!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; The shell script that Brad wrote works fine.  It generates both at the same time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not in the office? ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The logbot should have it.  Around 12:30 ET, 15-Jul-2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; my concern is that the shell script is platform specific and not part of build process.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Well, behind the scenes, I have other scripts to generate just a chapter to check it out.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; (not required, needed, in description, in comments, in attachment(s))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but, sorry I don't want to distract us from the important excellent activity of working on the documentation itself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; mdiggory: It depends on what you use for your transformation...I'm using FOP and not DSSSL/Jade.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; So you pick your poison and run with it.  FOP is java....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Perhaps FOP could be incorporated into a DSpace JSPUI module.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Okay back to topic.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hehe... your gonna start scaring people off</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; I'll let you all know when I generate a completely new manual after configuration and cusomization sections are revised.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think the JIRA topic is of great importance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Yes, JIRA works--I must have fallen alseep at the wheel.  Stuart--Will look at this.  Sorry.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we should be documenting these activities, especially emails about changes etc...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe wrap a little Java around the rendering process in place of the shell scripts?  Then Maven can pull it all in.  "Maintenance tools" sounds like a module....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Yeah, even just a text file with 'stuff' in it.  We can (or I can) glean the necessary documentation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;rrodgers&gt; I've got to run - see you all later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; One thing lacking is a true index to the manual.  I'm not sure for the 1.6 release I can get that built for you all.  There's a lot of manual tagging that has to be done.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* rrodgers (n=rrodgers@pool-173-76-17-204.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) Quit ("Leaving")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think the issue is that theres some file pushing going on in the shell script that make just adopting maven slightly more challenging</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; jat_ysu: Yes, thisis what I mean, having an "index.xml that is hardcoded like this isn't good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Well the documentation has never been part of the installation--are you suggesting that we do that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe it would be better to work out some guidelines so that we can all start tagging properly?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; index.xml isn't hardcoded.....there are &lt;index&gt;&lt;/index&gt; tags inside the documents.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; oh, I misunderstood that then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; mhwood:  that might be helpful--but for now, the goal (IMHO) is to clean up and get it ready with the 1.6 stuff.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; no, I didn't... <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/dspace/docs/docbook/index.xml">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/dspace/docs/docbook/index.xml</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; I think for the 1.7/2.0 documentation, I could draw up a set of 'standards' that explain the tagging used and more important the type of styles applied via the .xsl sheets.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; mdiggory:  index.xml is ignored completely for the generating of the PDF and HTML.  It was commented out of the book.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ha! thats good news</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we should get rid of it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Docbook 4.5 lets us generate a "on-the-fly" sort of index generation by tagging the data directly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, we want to use that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; If you view book.xml you will find a &lt;/index&gt; tag.  That lets it (FOP) know what to do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; maybe theres much less that needs doing then...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; after I'm done editing this huge section, I'll experiment with the index tagging.  Might have to through some mix into the style sheet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; no biggie</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, somebody has to put all the &lt;index&gt; tags in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; mhwood:  maybe.  I'm looking at some documentatin that leads me to believe that we might be able to let the machine generate the first level of tags.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Not a bad idea.  The result will seem a little eccentric, but humans should be able to clean it up much more quickly than they can generate it all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; So, I will continue working on this and let you all know how I progres.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Exactly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Okay, that's all I have to report--can we go home now?  LOL</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Thanks for the update - and for the documentation work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i wish.. haven't even had lunch yet! ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I must go soon, unless I'm specifically needed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; me too....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Its going to be much improved for 1.6 which great :) Thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, &lt;applause/&gt; for the documentation effort.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; I hope so...if I can understand it it should work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; *blush*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes excellent</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; agreed, it's awesome stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Ok - any other topics, or meeting over?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds like meeting over.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; night all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; jat_ysu: heres an example of the namespace/schema declaration....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://pastebin.com/m43236300">http://pastebin.com/m43236300</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Meeting over. Thanks all :) No doubt Brad will post a log to the list.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Goodbye, thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (i=mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;jat_ysu&gt; Thanks mark...I</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jat_ysu (n=jeffreyt@MAAG127.MAAG.YSU.EDU) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc_ (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (i=mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@64.50.88.162.ptr.us.xo.net) Quit (Read error: 110 (Connection timed out))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (i=mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit ("Leaving.")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc_ (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit ()</span><br />
