<span class="irc-date">[0:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* greg-g (i=greg@ubuntu/member/greg-g) Quit ("Reconnecting")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ChanServ (ChanServ@services.) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* greg-g (i=greg@ubuntu/member/greg-g) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (i=kim@ec2-174-129-179-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* snail (n=stuart@130.195.178.61) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:44]</span> <span class="irc-red">[freenode-connect VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-9-20.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-9-20.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (n=PircBot@fedcommsrv1.nsdlib.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 16:32:05 EDT 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-red">[freenode-connect VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* snail (n=stuart@130.195.178.61) Quit (Read error: 110 (Connection timed out))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* snail (n=stuart@130.195.178.61) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Remote closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207.172.69.79) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (i=mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (n=tdonohue@98.228.50.55) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue1 (n=tdonohue@98.228.50.55) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* justben (n=ben@170.140.210.175) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (n=tdonohue@98.228.50.55) Quit (Read error: 110 (Connection timed out))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue1 (n=tdonohue@98.228.50.55) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (n=tdonohue@98.228.50.55) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-9-20.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* michaeldb (n=michaeld@CPE00222d540978-CM00222d540975.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-9-20.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Read error: 54 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (n=mdiggory@76.176.9.20) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ is now known as mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@76.176.9.20) Quit (Read error: 131 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-9-20.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lcs (n=lcs@serenity.hul.harvard.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jtrimble (n=jeffreyt@70.17.168.48) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jtrimble (n=jeffreyt@70.17.168.48) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jeffreytrimble (n=jeffreyt@pool-70-17-168-48.pitt.east.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all.  We have a DSpace Developer's meeting coming up here in a few minutes.  I'm hoping we have enough for a small quorum, and can at least do a JIRA review.   StuartLewis won't be able to attend, but would like us to review a few Jira issues for 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; if you have any other agenda items, feel free to list them now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; i'd like to cover ds-377 in the jira review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Caryn (i=80c8e115@gateway/web/freenode/x-eiqyagzgeeicvyht) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snail&gt;  tdonohue: i'm vaguely around for the meeting but have no agenda items</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so how many of you are actually "live" right now (and not just lurking) and willing to do a quick JIRA review?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, I need a volunteer to either (a) list the next JIRA item for review...or (b) total up and summarize after one minute is up -- I can do one or the other</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue hears crickets</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Present.  Do we just have a manual list of issues for review?  (377, 390, 389, 295)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood... those four were mentioned specifically by lcs and stuartlewis.  After those, we left have a running list via JIRA search: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;&amp;pid=10020&amp;resolution=-1&amp;created%3Aprevious=-4w&amp;status=1&amp;assigneeSelect=&amp;sorter/field=created&amp;sorter/order=ASC">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;&amp;pid=10020&amp;resolution=-1&amp;created%3Aprevious=-4w&amp;status=1&amp;assigneeSelect=&amp;sorter/field=created&amp;sorter/order=ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (we last reviewed DS-375...so, we'd only be reviewing numbers greater than that)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; i'm only giving this partial attention, so i'm half here..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think I can figure out how to feed the items from that, thanks.  Will do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok...how about this.  Since we have so many partials, let's just do this more ad hoc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; lcs: what did you want to discuss about DS-377, since we have you here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood:  no need to feed items...I think we are too small to even really vote (we are supposed to have at least three +1 votes to formally approve code changes, based on our voting procedures)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; just wanted to make sure everyone is done stirring DS-377 before I commit it, but there's not much of "everyone"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jeffreytrimble (n=jeffreyt@pool-70-17-168-48.pitt.east.verizon.net) Quit ("Leaving")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; don't think there's any more "stirring"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; lcs:  well, last meeting we did all approve DS-377 as-is.  So, I think that should give you enough approval to commit.  However, as you saw there were many suggestions for post 1.6</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; since mdiggory did the most stirring, i'd say commit it :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; that's about what I was figuring, although there's still the possibility of adding version info to response headers -- but that was mdiggory's puppy.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, i'd say the response headers is a good idea, but could wait for another patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I agree.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; a little too much on my plate to add anything else at this time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; lcs:  so we good on DS-377 then?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; good, we're all agreed.  i'll commit and leave it open.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207.172.69.79) Quit (Read error: 104 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207.172.69.79) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  The other issue that we had previously approved was DS-295 -- Stuart wondered if there was any more comments (see last two comments for changes since our approval).   anyone have any thoughts?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-295">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-295</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, I think that is one for sturat to follow up on commiting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sturat = stuart</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory:  yea, stuart was more just looking to see if we generally approved the changes made since our last meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; generally.... yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; it looks like the final outcome is to give the bitstreams actual descriptive BitstreamFormats, which is fine.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I agree with them ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I see nothing to object to.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Do we have any dependencies on the legacy "License" bitstream format?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, so that's 4 of us.  I'll add a comment to let Stuart know we approve</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; mdiggory: all the plain-text deposit licenses use the legacy "License" format, unfortunately.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Since we currently have 4 of us active...Stuart also wanted a quick review of two more issues.  I'll start with <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-389">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-389</a>  .   Thoughts?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; wondering if we still want to have CC License and License bitstreamformats !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; both are just plain/text</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; mdiggory: can o' worms, see my bitstreamformat renovation patch.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm good at opening those</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i'd agree with lcs...that's a big change I think</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; it's worth doing, someday, preferably while reforming bitstreamformats.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Quick vote on <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-389">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-389</a> - Misleading label: "Submit to This Collection"   (since it seems straightforward)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; +1 on ds-398</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; i mean, 389</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but, I wonder if, as preparation for adding the BitstreamFormat renovation, there might be an interim opportunity to do some preparatory cleanup</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 389 +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I'll let stuart know DS-389 is approved - +4 in favor</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: might be a little too "late" to do too much preparatory cleanup before 1.6 -- not sure we have a volunteer who has time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; think we should start a 1.7 version in the JIRA and start assigning tickets to it that are relevant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: thanks for volunteering :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is that 1.7 or 1.6.x?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; funny how I get myself into these things ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood does bring up a good question though...we don't know what the next version is called yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 1.7, limiting 1.6.x to true maintnence</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, ok.  I see, so 1.7 for major features.  1.6.x for bug fixes and usual maintenance.  makes sense</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we took 1.5.x a little too far out of the "maintence" mode</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; you mean 1.7 vs. 2.0?  there's sure to be a 1.6.1.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; lcs: agreed.  Was more thinking of the when do we call it "2.0" question -- but that's a broader discussion that should happen after 1.6 is out the door</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think 2.0 will be cutting out major parts of the 1.x and dropping them onto cutting room floor</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 1.7... should be viewed as preparation for that action</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (n=grahamtr@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd like to call one more quick vote (again on behalf of Stuart) for: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-390">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-390</a> - Workflow task notification emails not available on deposits via SWORD.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; just glancing at the patch, looks like it is being done within the ingester; i know this is probably raising the bar more than we have time to address now but i'd prefer to see the logic outside of ingester plugins and done in a general way for all unattended package ingest (lni, sword, commandline)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I'm not convinced it's the right approach - imho, task notifications should always be sent on entering workflow. Any option to not do so should be an eperson level choice</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; grahamtriggs: that works too.  abolish startWithoutNotify() and move the logic upstream.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; And beyond that, rules based configuration for notification of deposits by certain people (at which point, you could disable just the generic login sword deposits)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; good ideas / thoughts.  Sounds like this may need some further work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any recommendations on how to make this better?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; i like the idea of being able to control who gets notified when - i'm pretty new to DSpace, so i might not be aware of options available right now, but i would definitely like this kind of control</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; do we abolish startWithoutNotifiy() ?   Do we leave it as is and create a larger issue to rethink task notifications?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Caryn:  thanks for your opinion!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think the idea has grown past the point at which it should be marked, "good idea, not in 1.6.0"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood - point taken.  more discussion needed. :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; btw - i should introduce myself - i'm from uci, where we're working on getting an instance of dspace up in the libraries... i'm new to dspace, but not digital archiving</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; for now, i'd say either abolish startWithoutNotifiy() or have it call start() and make that configurable -- but defining the rules would take time and discussion.  (e.g. by collection, eperson, phase of hte moon?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; none of the other workflow email is configurable, is it?  maybe all this needs for now is a Big Switch, on or off.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi Caryn.  Welcome.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, welcome.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; this was actually one of my questions... can i configure email triggers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Do we need a Quick Fix right now, or is it better to point to the patch and say that something more comprehensive is being designed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; It seems that right now the problem is some people want email and can't get it, so a simple change and a Big Switch would fix that, and maybe Do It Right in 1.7..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; Caryn: welcome to the deep end of the pool.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; lcs:  yea, you are right there doesn't seem to be a "big switch" -- which could be a good option.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; lol - so far, i'm treading pretty well...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; another problem is that emails are generated, and some people don't want to see them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; so, a big switch would work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And further on, I think we may identify several Big Switches that would benefit from finer granularity.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; mhwood: agreed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; It helps to tag emails consistently (e.g. something in the Subject: header) so people who don't want them can have their user agent flush htem away.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; that is all doable now in the email templates, btw.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i'll make sure to add these good comments to DS-390 -- I think I like the big switch idea for a simple switch...but we can always table this and formally approve/deny it at next weeks meeting (when stuart will hopefully also be in attendance)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Caryn:  what do you mean by "some people don't want to see them"?  do you have a simple example?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; many of our collections are project based, so there will be a time when as many as 100+ items are submitted in "rapid fire"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; the reviewers will know this is happening, and don't necessarily need to see an email per item...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh. I understand.  So, when loading in a big batch of content, those emails can get annoying and unnecessary</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; i'm assuming this would be fixed by a big switch - the submitter takes care of submitting, then notifies the reviewers that a batch of files is ready...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; exactly!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snail&gt; we are also facing a huge 'peak' of submissions in the run up to the PBRF (called the RAE in the UK), one email per item will be unpleasant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; Caryn: Some people may not want to see them, but some people (possibly even them!) will NEED to see them, to action the notification. Users can always set up filters in their own email accounts to delete/move incoming messages, so it's generally better to err on the side of sending out more, not less</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; our programmatic setup is a little unique, so we have some "special needs" - the filter idea is a possibility, but i know there have been discussions about turning the notifications off...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Move the notification out of the submission flow to a scheduled task, which can batch up notifications?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; mhwood: that would be nice!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; since email is inherently unreliable, isn't it better to count on mechanisms within DSpace to keep up with changes, e.g. task pools, RSS feeds, etc?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; gee, wouldn't it be nice if we had an asynchronous event manager?  <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/EventSystemPrototype">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/EventSystemPrototype</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Caryn:  I'm not sure if the "big switch" we are talking about would really solve these problems yet -- though it could be related to a much larger discussion around improving email notifications, etc.  So, I think this is a good idea worth some discussion.  I'll add it as a Feature Request in our JIRA system and attach this commentary as a note to it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I was just going to ask whether there is enough variation among sites' needs here that we ought to have another plugin point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; the big switch would be a work-around, not a complete solution.  i think there might enough variation among sites, and among collections within sites that a tool like the asynchronous event manager might be worth the development...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; imho, of course</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; there are some cases where an asynchronous event manager could be useful, but in keeping track of task pools and dissemination via feeds isn't one of them!!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; with asynchronous events, we could put the submission-email generator in an event consumer, and feed it a batch of events once a day.  or give sites the option of firing it synchronously.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; No, but there are ancillary processes (like sending emails, or alternative notifications) which could be event sinks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think the point may be that maintaining the task pools etc. is core to DSpace's function and should be inline, while notifying people that things are happening is peripheral and can be pulled out of the flow if it helps us.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Just a note that we've passed the formal end of the meeting window.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep.  just about to say the same...but, I didn't want to interrupt discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; feel free to continue the discussion, but consider the official "meeting" adjorned.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; but the events are isolated incidents. so you need special logic to batch up the notifications (which you can have with or without an asynchronous event system). the only reason to put an asynchronous event in is in recognising that it isn't that time senstitive</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think these are all great ideas, and it could be useful to set aside a meeting to talk more about this topic and whether we want to look closer at the EventSystemPrototype work , etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And maybe back up to ask, what things are we doing inline that would be better as a separate process?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; so, tell me if i'm tracking, or if i'm way off... At this point, I can't control email triggers in DSpace (they're connected to task pools, and incorporated into the workflow). I can, however, customize the subject line of the emails, so a typical email filter can handle them as the recipient desires.  Possible development issue for future releases, probably not 1.6.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; anything that relies on an email notification shouldn't be time sensitive, and ought to be considered expendable anyway.. i can just see that some sites would want daily "digest" emails rather than one per submission.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We already have stuff like the subscription emails that are run separately.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; seems like that is what we should expect, right? dspace handles the technical tracking, but we can control how our users are exposed to that information via email</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; the synchronous event system got integrated in 1.5, and rrodgers was thinking about adding async events as of a year ago or so; we talked about it.  fwiw.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Caryn:  Yes.  I think you have it all.  The email subjects can be customized in [dspace]/config/emails/ (just in case you haven't modified those templates before)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; tdonohue: yep, i'm definitely on those templates...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Caryn: no problem.  Thanks for joining the discussion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; lcs: can you point me to documentation?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; lcs: I agree, both about time sensitive, and that some people would want a digest. But creating a digest is it's own task, and entirely orthogonal to having an asynchronous event system (I'm open to it being discussed for inclusion, but for it's own merits)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; Caryn: the wiki page <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/EventSystemPrototype">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/EventSystemPrototype</a> is close to what got implemented, only with all the asynch stuff left out.  Though AFAIK events are mostly used for search and browse updates.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, collecting events is just one way to find batches of work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; got it - thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; ok if i ask one more question that might not be straightforward?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; my user group thinks of the terminology "communities" and "collections" in different ways - it is a little confusing for them...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; i can relabel those extensively, using manakin, but is there any way to programmatically "rename" these types of things?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; Events are a convenient general way to gather the data, rather than implementing a separate feed for each kind of digest.  And it lets the configuration control whether there's a synchronous or batch output (or both).  ..but the first step should be to define the whole problem better, and that's more than i have time to think about now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; lcs: agreed!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, anything in the UI should be coming out of the message catalog, so at least it's all collected in one file.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Caryn:  mhwood is right...you should be able to change those names in message.xml via a Find &amp; Replace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; Caryn: as long as they can over look URLs like /community-list, yeah, the contents of the HTML pages can be changed.  I had to subsitute "file" for "Bitstream" for the sensibilities of our users.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; ah ha - thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; that's perfect - exactly what i need - urls are not a problem, only labels</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lcs&gt; If you find any places that can't be changed, please submit a bug, since it's also an i18n issue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; will do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; thanks, everyone, for indulging my questions/comments... i'll definitely log in again! have a great day (and Thanksgiving too)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Caryn:  Not a problem.  Thanks for joining us, and have a good holiday.  (Just an FYI..there are usually developers always in the #dspace IRC room, if questions come up)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (So, most of the time we only tend to use #duraspace for these meetings)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207.172.69.79) Quit (Read error: 131 (Connection reset by peer))</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Caryn&gt; thanks - i'll remember that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Caryn (i=80c8e115@gateway/web/freenode/x-eiqyagzgeeicvyht) Quit ("Page closed")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207.172.69.79) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; All...I'm probably going to head into "lurking" for a bit now.  Have a great Thanksgiving (for those of you in the US)!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (n=grahamtr@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (i=mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* justben (n=ben@170.140.210.175) Quit ("Leaving.")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (n=tdonohue@98.228.50.55) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-9-20.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-9-20.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ is now known as mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* michaeldb (n=michaeld@CPE00222d540978-CM00222d540975.cpe.net.cable.rogers.com) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@cpe-76-176-9-20.san.res.rr.com) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@76.176.9.20) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (n=bradmc@207.172.69.79) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@76.176.9.20) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@76.176.9.20) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lcs (n=lcs@serenity.hul.harvard.edu) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@76.176.9.20) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* greg-g (i=greg@ubuntu/member/greg-g) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kshepherd (i=kim@ec2-174-129-179-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (leguin.freenode.net irc.freenode.net)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@76.176.9.20) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (n=stuartle@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lcs (n=lcs@serenity.hul.harvard.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* greg-g (i=greg@ubuntu/member/greg-g) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd (i=kim@ec2-174-129-179-33.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* lcs (n=lcs@serenity.hul.harvard.edu) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (n=mdiggory@76.176.9.20) has left #duraspace</span><br />
