<span class="irc-date">[3:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: stuartlewis)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:27]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:27]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:27]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:27]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:27]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 20:32:05 UTC 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* test141411 (c2b1ca24@gateway/web/freenode/ip.194.177.202.36) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* test141411 (c2b1ca24@gateway/web/freenode/ip.194.177.202.36) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* krnl_ (Andrius@193.219.34.106) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* krnl_ (Andrius@193.219.34.106) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Dan_Davis (183bb002@gateway/web/freenode/ip.24.59.176.2) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@173.6.247.72) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all -- Today's DSpace Devel Mtg agenda is up here (if you haven't seen it already): <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-08-04">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-08-04</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@dhcp-18-111-26-9.dyn.mit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; looks like we  have a smaller group today...but we may as well get started, since there's quite a bit to go through today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Hi All. I'm back from holidays. So I'll be getting more involved in 1.7 planning very shortly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea -- welcome back to PeterDietz and richardrodgers (both of whom have been out for a while)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* JoseBlanco (8dd32b9d@gateway/web/freenode/ip.141.211.43.157) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hope your vacations went well...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; thanks - mine was great</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, the first topic on the agenda -- DSpace Global Outreach Committee updates (from after OR10)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I basically wrote up there updates in our agenda notes -- so you can read them there (<a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-08-04)">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-08-04)</a> -- the main point is that they want to interact more with us</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, they've made some changes -- their meeting notes are now posted publicly on the wiki...they will also be helping with JIRA reviews, for New Features only, to help flesh out the new feature requirements</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; should they join (or lurk) these IRC chats?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; good point, i've invited them in the past -- we can re-invite them (I think some already read the notes, from what I've heard)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; excellent. I was on the fence as to what RC or developers should be doing with working out new feature requests, but I think global outreach is probably best suited to help out with that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.11.108) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Global outreach has also tried to distill down a list of "common requested features" (mostly these are just from their committee, but have come up elsewhere in the past).  I went through them with Valorie Hollister, and tried to pull out ones that may be possible for 1.7 or 1.8 (many of which we are already working on)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; this list is still a bit 'messy' -- but it's posted publicly here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Feature+requests+-+distilled">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Feature+requests+-+distilled</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; the "Quick Wins" are items that seem plausible for a 1.7 or 1.8 release (i.e. sometime in the next few releases) -- so, I wanted to let everyone know about this list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* valoriehollister (~valorieho@ip68-9-139-187.ri.ri.cox.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Essentially -- this is another way global outreach wants to help out -- trying to distill down a list of common feature requests, and then work with us to figure out when they could potentially be scheduled for a release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, and here's valoriehollister now!  Hi, Val.  We were just talking about DGOC updates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; Hi all - sorry I'm a bit late</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* HardyPottinger (80ce8605@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.134.5) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So -- if anyone has any thoughts on this list of potential future feature requests (or wants to "claim one"), feel free.  I've encouraged Val &amp; DGOC to also enter these into JIRA  (those that aren't already there) as they get more details, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; is the distilled list ordering to be considered as a particular order? value / easiness</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; no particular order to the list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no-- no particular order, actually (despite the fact they are numbered)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; used #s only in case there was to be discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; valoriehollister -- richardrodgers mentioned a moment ago that we should invite DGOC members to sit in on these meetings as well (if they have time), or review our notes, etc.  (I know we did this in the past, but it'd be good to extend that invite again)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; yes -- I regularly extend the invitation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- any thoughts, questions on the DGOC updates?    Val and I are working to get more interaction between these groups (as discussed at OR10) -- so, if other ideas come up, let us know</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; i think it would be good -- particularly as the DGOC starts to review the "new feature" items JIRA for us all to have an opportunity to discuss</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; the DGOC will start their review of the current items at the next mtg on Sep 7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; we hope to move the items along - get them exposure in the community and facilitate discussions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; excellent.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I know I've been out. But I would actually prefer the GSoC projects to get into the code base sooner rather than later. If we have to make a new branch called experimental, so be it (to avoid having a "dirty" trunk). I would prefer to give as much sunlight, and testing/usage to these projects earlier rather than later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- GSoC projects are actually in SVN -- they are in the "sandbox" area: <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/sandbox/gsoc/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/sandbox/gsoc/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; true, true, true. I was sort of pointing to my somewhat laziness, of only wanting to pull from a single tree to get all the features.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- I think that wraps up the Global Outreach talk (at least for today)?  we got a lot on the agenda, so I'll move on  (but feel free to send comments to Val or I)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;valoriehollister&gt; yes, please!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up (before GSoC) -- I briefly wanted to give an update to everyone on DSpace/DuraCloud integration work (which has been my primary focus these days).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Essentially, DuraCloud is expanding it's pilot in mid-Sept to many current DSpace users -- this essentially means that these users will be wanting "early access" to the AIP Backup &amp; Restore work which enables our DSpace/DuraCloud integration: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/AipBackupRestorePrototype">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/AipBackupRestorePrototype</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So -- I just wanted to warn everyone that in early Sept I will likely be tagging a "very early" prototype of DSpace 1.7, specifically for these early adopter/testers of DuraCloud</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I've already warned everyone that this tagged prototype may not have all the features of 1.7 -- it will mostly just include the AIP backup/restore work)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, that's mostly just an FYI -- I have more potential discussion of the AIP backup/restore work later in the meeting (under the 1.7 discussion) -- as much of that code is essentially "ready" to start to merge into trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any comments/questions on that?  does that make sense?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; this branch is mostly to convert your DSpace repo (data) to be picked by a third party app (Fedora)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no -- this is actually nothing to do with Fedora -- it's just a DSpace to Duracloud connection -- essentially exporting all data from DSpace to AIPs (Zipped up METS), for storage in DuraCloud</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; well, it's more to facilitate the use of AIPs generally</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and then the opposite -- restoring DSpace contents from AIPs that are pulled down from DuraCloud...  it lets people who use DSpace (and are familiar with it) to better understand how it could be used with DuraCloud</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (essentially -- in this scenario DuraCloud acts as a cloud-based "backup" system behind DSpace -- you export all your contents for backup...and can restore from it later)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's not meant for interchange between unlike systems.  You could dump out an object and its dependents from one DSpace and load them into *another DSpace*, I think.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; you could even use these changes to do local replication (backup)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep -- exactly -- none of it is really DuraCloud specific -- these changes could also be used for local replication/backup.   It's just that I'm rushing to get them in for the Duracloud pilot testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ok, I'm square on things now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; much more info here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/AipBackupRestorePrototype">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/AipBackupRestorePrototype</a>  and in my OR10 talk on this: <a href="http://www.slideshare.net/tdonohue/improving-dspace-backups-restores-migrations">http://www.slideshare.net/tdonohue/improving-dspace-backups-restores-migrations</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; cool -- sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hi kshepherd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- I'll move on for now (let me know if questions come to mind though, or ask richardrodgers or mhwood, as they are helping with the work)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The next two topics are intertwined a bit -- so, we can discuss both.  Essentially GSoC is wrapping up (projects have to be done by Aug 16 at latest), and  we are also gearing up  with 1.7 work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Last week we had a GSoC discussion were we unanimously voted to have the Unit Testing Framework committed to Trunk before the end of GSoC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The other GSoC project which has been recommended to add to Trunk (for release in 1.7) is the REST API work (mdiggory has recommended this addition -- but, he couldn't make this meeting)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Is the REST stuff in a shape to be reviewed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; From my understanding, yes -- though I need to touch base with Bojan (and I don't think he's here right now).  Mark Diggory is in favor of this, and he's been keeping close tabs on the project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well -- it's in "enough" of a shape to start review -- not sure if it's 100% "ready to go"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/GSOC10+-+DSpace+REST+API">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/GSOC10+-+DSpace+REST+API</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; is this an extension of last year's efforts?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; <a href="http://oldwiki.dspace.org/index.php/Google_Summer_of_Code_2009_DSpace_REST_Webapp">http://oldwiki.dspace.org/index.php/Google_Summer_of_Code_2009_DSpace_REST_Webapp</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; ok - thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sandsfish -- yes, it's the same student building off of last years work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; k</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So -- I guess I wanted to get a sense here of what others think.  Do we delay this for further (closer) review?  Do we just accept it "as-is" for now, and tell everyone that it's a "beta" version of a REST API that we are releasing with 1.7?  Or is there some in-between option here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I know mdiggory (if he was here) would be fighting to get this into Trunk right away, and polish it even more later on (as we've obviously had a tendency in past GSoC to never touch projects again after GSoC ends)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'd like to review - but the nice things about REST APIs is that you can version them, so maybe they could ''graduate' to official status later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm for getting the projects into trunk sooner, so that they'll have more eyes on them for longer before release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, you'd prefer to review it more first? (even though the student may not be around past Aug 16, obviously -- that's the big downside here, is if the review doesn't happen quick, we likely lose access to the student)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- I think that's also mdiggory's argument here (based on past discussions with him)...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; true - but we are going to maintain it anyway in the long term (if it gets into trunk)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes -- but the big "if" is what you said "If it gets into trunk".  We've never gone back after GSoC (ever) and pulled something into trunk later on -- it could be that this may be the exception to that ongoing problem, or it could just sit there till next year's GSoC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I guess, the more I think about this, I wonder if a "beta" REST API is better than nothing (at least it's something for people to start to play with, and tell us what's wrong with it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I don't see authentication anywhere in there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmmm..that would be a problem then -- i overlooked that in my quick review, thanks for pointing out mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i'll ping Bojan about that, and ask him if it just isn't documented yet (I thought I remembered seeing something about Authentication, but it's definitely not on that wiki page)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- should we table this then?  I'll ping Bojan, and see if we can get a sense of how authentication/rights are being handled (obviously we don't want this to be a security concern)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Would be interested to hear his approach at least</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds like this needs a little more time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- tabling REST API for now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; stuart should be joining in a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The only other item I had was to start talking 1.7 in more detail (now that PeterDietz is back)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; he did just mention that he thought perhaps auth could be left up to tomcat/apache/etc.. i haven't thought about it hard enough yet. still seems like authZ could be a prob, even if authN isn't</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; HTTP authentication is a (small) subset of the mechanisms that DSpace uses.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aha -- that's good to know kshepherd -- yea, authZ would still be a problem, if that's the case</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, actually DSpace doesn't use HTTP auth at all....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; (only in dark corners like SWORD)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, SWORD does HTTP auth</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I would say that 1.7 since its not a feature driven release, will be things that missed the cut from previous releases, works in progress, hopefully some GSoC, and perhaps a few "quick wins" from global outreach</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; RE: 1.7 -- As mentioned, I have the AIP Backup/Restore code ready now (and I'd like to get more eyes on it &amp; some approval before moving over to Trunk).  I updated its JIRA issue just today: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-466">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-466</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; CC licensing update -- I think we are on uncertain legal ground if we touch existing licenses.  They represent an agreement to which we (DSpace developers) are not a party.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- yea, I agree completely -- I was just wanting to ping everyone on this again, to start to get work moving into Trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mhwood: true - we would not reassign existing licenses - just 'expose' them differently</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- good point -- I think a lot of institutions would have concerns over changing the legal agreement there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, if text is not changed then I'm not worried.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other final thoughts today?  (Also feel free to send PeterDietz updates on anything 1.7 related you may be working on, if there are updates to be had)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Looks like curation can launch with 3-4 services: virus checking, checksumming, replication (to cloud), and may some 'micro-services' (from CDL)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; JIRA review has been starved for several weeks.  Could we carve out the *first* 15 or 30 minutes next week for this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that's great, richardrodgers.  I think that sounds great</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- yea, I'm at a loss as well -- these meetings *always* go long, and yet I'm trying to keep us to an hour (rather than extending to 1.5 hr meeting).  But, I agree.  We can add JIRA Review for the first 20-30 mins of next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; We certainly should make sure any important JIRA issues are 'owned' for 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (Originally, I was really hoping that we could do the JIRA reviews a bit more "ad hoc" -- and only bring a few to the meetings for broader discussion, but obviously that idea hasn't quite worked out as planned)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks for asking about it, mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK -- we'll go ahead and close down for today.  I'll stick around here for a while, if anything else comes up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks all, must go.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; thanks all - bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@dhcp-18-111-26-9.dyn.mit.edu) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@173.6.247.72) Quit (Quit: keithgilbertson)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* JoseBlanco (8dd32b9d@gateway/web/freenode/ip.141.211.43.157) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* HardyPottinger (80ce8605@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.134.5) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* valoriehollister (~valorieho@ip68-9-139-187.ri.ri.cox.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.11.108) Quit (Quit: sandsfish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
