<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@fedcommsrv1.nsdlib.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 16:32:05 EDT 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@peat.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@peat.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@peat.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* krnl_ (Andrius@83.171.18.74) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:28]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@peat.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (Quit: scottatm)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robintaylor (~52292565@gateway/web/freenode/x-hnjqrnjtuhbdfitb) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@peat.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robintaylor (~52292565@gateway/web/freenode/x-hnjqrnjtuhbdfitb) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~chatzilla@87.18.234.106) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robintaylor (~52292565@gateway/web/freenode/x-pxlldkhdqampvofv) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robintaylor (~52292565@gateway/web/freenode/x-pxlldkhdqampvofv) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* caryn (~80c8e115@gateway/web/freenode/x-anrbjpxxgycpswle) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; hi all... I have just realized that the meeting start in 15minutes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep...we'll be starting at the top of the hour</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; in Italy we have moved to the solar time last week...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; so I will not able to attend</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; just let you know that I haven't stated to work on DS-496</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yea, I know there are a lot of time changes going on worldwide now.  Will this time be a problem for you every week, or just this week?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; yes it is an issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; can you check if we can change the schedule for the next meetings?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.  that's good to know.  I'll bring up the topic of the time of this meeting.  We can always change it slightly, if we can find something that works better for most</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; It will get hard for us next week too, as our clocks go BACK 1 hour.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; So too late for you, and too early for  us! :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I know the water goes down the plughole backwards down there, I didn't realise the clocks went backwards too :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmm...that is a problem.  well, it doesn't hurt to see if there's a time that works better for most -- but, we may just have to accept the fact that not everyone will be able to attend in person</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; It'll be 8am for us - so doable, but not too bad.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; sometimes I can attend too (10pm)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* rtaylor (~52292565@gateway/web/freenode/x-ozwyetaqlecqdhax) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.  well, I'll send out a survey to everyone to get a sense of whether or not we should change the current time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; An hour earlier might work. 7am for us.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Then we could attend before going to work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cccharles (~cccharles@131.104.62.47) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Kshepherd will be the main person to worry about as he's a new RC.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Actually, an hour earlier in the US was where it was scheduled before the time change</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; stuartlewis: there is a dress code for these meetings - no turning up in your pyjamas</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so my calendar still says our meeting started an hour ago</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: your calendar is wrong then :)  we've always been at 20:00UTC -- it's just a matter of what that now translates to for you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; mmm... I'm sorry I need to leave</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I have found this useful website: <a href="http://www.worldtimeserver.com/meeting-planner-times.aspx?&amp;L0=NZ&amp;L1=IT&amp;L2=US-IL&amp;L3=GB&amp;L4=US-NY&amp;Day=8&amp;Mon=4&amp;Y=2010">http://www.worldtimeserver.com/meeting-planner-times.aspx?&amp;L0=NZ&amp;L1=IT&amp;L2=US-IL&amp;L3=GB&amp;L4=US-NY&amp;Day=8&amp;Mon=4&amp;Y=2010</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; grahamtriggs: Smoking jacket and cravat OK?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no problem, bollini.   we'll talk to you later then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; but it is not so useful for us... there is not green time for all ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; stuartlewis: mandatory I would say</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; eh UTC, those brits always thinking there the center of the world and all...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok... just let you know... I haven't start to work on DS-496 but I 'm still volunteer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; bloody colonials have to disagree with everything</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (~chatzilla@87.18.234.106) Quit (Quit: ChatZilla 0.9.86 [Firefox 3.6.2/20100316074819])</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; morning *</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok...looks like it's about that time.  We'll go ahead and start up today's DSpace Developers Mtg with several announcements/updates (feel free to comment as I post them)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (1) For those who will be at OR10, we now have our face-to-face meeting scheduled for the afternoon on Monday *before* the Conference.   It's likely only going to be a 2-4 hr meeting in mid-to-late afternoon (to avoid conflicts) -- but it will be followed by a pub meetup with the Fedora folks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; exact times/place forthcoming (once it is 100% finalized) -- but it's definitely going to be Monday afternoon -- so keep that in mind when setting up flights, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (2) Next week's Special Topics meeting will be on upcoming DSpace 1.7 and beyond RoadMap -- announcement via email forthcoming</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; pub meetup..... I'm there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (3) As you may have seen from prior discussion, this meeting time (20:00UTC) may no longer be the best for all...I'll send out a survey to dspace-devel with some other potential times.  But, until then, we'll still meet at 20:00UTC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-173-76-18-245.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (4) DSpace Wiki Migration has been slowed down -- unfortunately our wiki contact at MIT (hi Richard) hasn't been able to freeze/dump the old wiki yet.  So, as you all have seen, that hasn't happened on Tues (as previously planned)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok...think that's it for announcements... :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; any questions comments on all that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; he should send it over here... I've got no heating until tomorrow... should freeze pretty quickly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs:  wrong kind of freezing ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I've forgotten what freezing is like....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, well, it sounds like we should continue now with the main discussion topic: GSoC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory:  did you want to lead the GSoC planning discussion?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ok... looks like we've got a good list of mentors running in the wiki</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; User:MarkDiggory User:StuartLewis User:Christophe.Dupriez User:Bluyten User:Caryn.n User:wbossons User:Jayan User:ksclarke</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yep.  It's here: <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Google_Summer_of_Code_2010">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Google_Summer_of_Code_2010</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; odd it thinks those are links.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So I wantt o first start off by making sure everyone who want to participate in GSoC this year is subscribing to the SOCGHOP app as a mentor</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; following the directions in the page just posted by tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We need you in there ASAP to start preparing for when student applications come in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (fyi here's a link to our DuraSpace SOCGHOP page: <a href="http://socghop.appspot.com/gsoc/org/show/google/gsoc2010/duraspace)">http://socghop.appspot.com/gsoc/org/show/google/gsoc2010/duraspace)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We are in the student application  period now until April 9th</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ChristopheDuprie (~5bb333e1@gateway/web/freenode/x-ljopusqahlrblqry) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So maybe I'll try to throw out an overview of topic to discuss today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 1.) Project Coordination</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 2.) Student Deliverables and Accountability</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 3.) Appropriate Projects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 4.) Mentors Responsibilities</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Starting with (1)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; In previous years Mentors worked fairly autonomously with they students and status of the project was given to the whole group on a periodic basis (every 1 to 2 weeks)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Reporting was done in the listserv and students could document their work where they and the mentor saw fit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; And we're changing that this year? (I hope)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, I beleive we have an interest in changing this process</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that's what's up for discussion right now -- I'd also vote to change that process</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; would be kind of cool to use google wave...  just a thought</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I certainly have ideas I've proposed to the group and to tdonohue, but I want to see the group be empowered to determine what would be the best approach here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; In past years we recognize that the projects being individual and separate has some limitations</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; a.) code not getting back to DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Things like the new demo.dspace.org server might help too - as it allows us to get their code installed and running for poeple to test, rather than anyone interested having to install it themselves.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; b.) projects producing code that is not meant to be part of DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; stuartlewis: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; c.) projects producing code that is conflicting in architecture or design direction</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue ugh...I knew I forgot an announcement:  <a href="http://demo.dspace.org">http://demo.dspace.org</a> is ready -- will be announced to all lists later today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: does this have any CI associated with it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; how feasible is it to update our JIRA instance?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; nope...strictly a demo server right now...but, all committers will have access to login via commandline -- so, we can set up other things there as "we wish"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So the points a, b, and c that I make are actually less about the students performance or effort, and much more directed at ourselves as mentors and our coordination.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; right now demo.dspace.org is *just* a demo install of Dspace 1.6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; could we do daily snapshots of trunk and 1.6.x branch?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, to your points mdiggory, are you suggesting mentor "teams" or co-mentors (which I've heard both mentioned in past discussions)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; And likewise our understanding of the direction that we are taking DSpace in as a codebase</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (sorry, slight tangent, maybe i'll bring it up later again)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue will note we should discuss demo.dspace.org after GSOC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; "mentor teams with weekly IRC meetings" +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: yes, one of my recommendations is that we work to create mentor "teams" around the proposed projects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "mentor teams with weekly IRC meeting" +1 as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Right now we have seen the areas that we as mentors are interested in working, and there is overlap in terms architectural decision making even withint he various subject areas</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; would that be in #dspace or in #dspace-gsoc1, #dspace-gsoc2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; +1, though i'm not a mentor so perhaps i shouldn't be voting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; +1 - would give the students the best experience as well... more like "community development"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ChristopheDuprie&gt; +1 for mentors team with at least one committer within the team</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ChristopheDuprie: good point there...it'd be nice to get at least one committer on each to help bring the code forward after GSoC ends</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Much of this depends as well on what we get for students this year.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; guess I'm not as convinced - if mentor time was an issue before, doesn't multiplexing make it worse?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: definitely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Originally, in years past we did utilize co-mentors on projects such that there was a primary mentor and backup mentor should the primary become unavailable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; However, this was never trully a "team strategy"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I thought mdiggory was driving more at having team(s) across all the projects, not having each one as a silo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; And oftentime the communication between the students and mentors was too sparse</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; silo projects -1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, it's all about trying to foster more "community" development, like caryn mentioned</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; rather than having a few projects "off on their own" (so to speak)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So as an example: say this year what I have been proposing is that, say we have 6 students and 6 mentors</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that  while, in the application itself we have those slots filled, we do not work that way organizationally</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cbeer_ (~cbeer@146.115.109.46) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; 6 students? Wouldn't 3 or 4 be enough? More chance of getting that code well mentored, and into core)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and that we may actually have "more than one" student working an one subject area</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cbeer_ (~cbeer@146.115.109.46) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stuartlewis: I would not limit the number of students we can handle</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; i really like this idea.  would be good for the mentoring team to develop thought-out benchmarks for the students as well - just so nothing "falls between the cracks"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this is something you've suggested a number of times, and which I disagree with</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; politely of course</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue thinks we should set aside the discussion of numbers for now... politely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think the number of applicants and the quality of the applicants will determine the number of students we wish to use.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and I'll leave it to that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we will know all this by April 9th</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, in any case, if we work in this team fashion, the one thing we need to be careful about is that each student should still have his/her own project...if we overlap their work too much, it becomes hard to parse out who did what, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; tdonohue: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ChristopheDuprie&gt; We must not forget students are not knowing much about DSpace internals, aims, etc. We should try to focus them on something rather specific that the mentor/commiter is then able to merge for the longer term</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (just a counterpoint to think about here -- still like the team idea though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This is quite true, but I think we should be grading on things other than "code" during this process</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; tdonohue: maybe, maybe not - I'll direct you back to my question about how feasible it is to upgrade our JIRA instance :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ChristopheDuprie&gt; I agree that good specs would be as nice than "proof of concept" code we get usually</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; in working as a team, we are working to create a the proper "interactions" that facilitate a good and healthy F/OSS community</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the topic of specs and example code came up last week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and I think we agreed that code samples of the students past work would be helpful</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but not requiring them to create any DSpace centric example code for the application</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: yea, our application template now asks for a code sample from students</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ChristopheDuprie&gt; I mean that a good analysis from a student could be as valuable than code. For instance an analysis of DCMI/DCAP integration in DSpace would be of great value. Sorry I did not read last week log.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So I would like to bring the topic back to what we as mentors/developers what to see as the direction the code projects we are working on goes in this year.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I was hoping we would see a little more detail in the examples that were put out byt he mentors</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Do we all agree a restful API (probably polishing last year's api) is a good project?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We have some solution areas that overlap, but with different proposed implementation strategies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 for a REST project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and I think to see success in the projects, we as mentors need to resolve those before we select students</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Can we do that in time?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I am tempted to start throwing project ideas up here as well... but I'm resisting because I think that will lead us off track from what I am attempting to accomplish</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stuartlewis: it is a process, not a task/goal</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ChristopheDuprie&gt; Go on one at a time!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; what about seeing what good applications we get in from students, and seeing which projects we'd most like to see (and perhaps which projects are logically related and can potentially form "teams")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; Whilst a RESTful interface would be useful, I really think we should have a strategic discussion about how and where DSpace is moving first - creating an API that will either make underlying changes harder, or be problematic to support when changes are made would be a significant issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: yes, and I am glad we will have next week to discuss that direction.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; before any projects can happen (no matter how bad we want them too), we first need students  who are interested :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; grahamtriggs: Yes. Can that be fitted in during the hiatus between selecting the students, and them starting work in a few months?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: right about this....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So to put it out as a proposal</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Do we as mentors agree that we want to all work together this year to organize a strategic direction for the student projects as a whole</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ChristopheDuprie&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; stuartlewis: I think it needs to happen before we select them - although that doesn't mean they can't apply in the meantime.... one perfectly valid outcome of such a discussion is to not do anything in a particular area right now, until other things have happened first</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; grahamtriggs: As I said before, can that be done in the time we have to select students? (2 / 3 weeks?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes that we only have about 15 mins left in our meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So during the evaluation process, what I feel needs to happen is that we define a set of criteria we agree on as the basis for evaluating the  student proposals, and a process to feedback to the student and get them to adjust the proposal as neccessary to align disparate projects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; stuartlewis: you said between selecting the student, and them starting work, which I took to mean [including] AFTER they have been selected</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and to answer stuartlewis question... Yes, it will require dedicated time to communicate during the evaluation period</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs: we have a month of interacting witht he selected students before the GSoC work period begins</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* stuartlewis apologizes. Gotta run to a another meeting... Will read the transcript later. Bye.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Looking at the time....should we bring the rest of these GSoC ideas/proposals to email?  Maybe schedule a separate meeting in the coming weeks -- especially for mentors and those more interested in GSoC?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: stuartlewis)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes... I agree... but reiterate... get into the SOCGHOP app and the email lists and google groups so you are aware of the communication going on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I am pushing at this because we were late last year on all these deadlines and suffered because of it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; also, we have two mailing lists this year devoted to GSoC...one for mentors only (no students) 'dspace-gsoc', and one for mentors + students 'dspace-gsoc-student' : <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Google_Summer_of_Code_2010#Email_Listservs">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/Google_Summer_of_Code_2010#Email_Listservs</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: we need to go through the dspace-gsoc list and clean up its membership.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; agreed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In the time remaining, do we want to jump back to 'demo.dspace.org' questions/thoughts?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; likewise, joing the list should be moderated.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: per demo, I'd like to see something like Hudson or Bamboo in place on that server with some folks who could manage using it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: it'd be cool if we could get some automated building of daily trunk and 1.6.x snapshots on demo.dspace.org :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; then we can setup integration builds to demo recent work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and with something like a jmeter or httpunit test suite verify functionality is not broken going into trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this is EC2 right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes...it's on EC2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; being paid for by DuraSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I should mention that the initial purpose of demo.dspace.org is for *repo managers* to have a place to "play" with the latest version of DSpace before they install it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ah</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we need more ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; very good idea!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think the Hudson or Bamboo ideas are good ones...but, I wonder if we need a different place for that?  Or at least a different Tomcat instance on the same server</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mm, i think i'll just run my own 1.6.x snapshot somewhere</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; not a problem thats just configuration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; Bamboo integrates quite nicely with JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Fedora already has a Bambo running</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes they do have Bamboo...we actually have an old one for DSpace still running at JHU</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but not much communication with JHU of late</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; nope..and it would be good to move elsewhere</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll admit, I'm not a Hudson or Bamboo expert....but, I'd fully encourage us to get one running for DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; info on our old Bamboo at JHU: <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/ContinuousIntegration">http://wiki.dspace.org/index.php/ContinuousIntegration</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, in general, it sounds like we'd all like to have Bamboo running somewhere?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ha, I queried google for "FOSS compute farm Continuous Integration" and the first hit is foaf.qdos.com/delicious/people/ksclarke</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and he's not even in here....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; nope...he's in #dspace though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I told him...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@184.39.7.249) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ksclarke: we were having an extensive GSoC planning discussion here in the last hour</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you should read it up in the logs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ksclarke: not sure if your "ears were ringing"...your name also just came up as we were talking about Continuous Integration for Dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ksclarke&gt; ah, will do... I was in a telemeeting the past hour so wouldn't have been able to pay attention anyway</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/index.php?date=2010-03-31">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/index.php?date=2010-03-31</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We were just discussing  <a href="http://demo.dspace.org">http://demo.dspace.org</a>  and the last topic was also about CI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and I was thinking about your working with Hudson quite a bit lately</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;caryn&gt; sorry, everyone - i've got to go.  I'll watch for the email discussion about gsoc and the demo.dspace.org announcement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ChristopheDuprie&gt; 23:00 here! Good night!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, in any case...we're out of time.  I'll start discussion in DuraSpace about a Bamboo continuous integration setup (and see how the Fedora folks have theirs working).  If anyone else has any other immediate thoughts on CI or other tools they'd like to see to help our development process -- let me know</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Cheers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* caryn (~80c8e115@gateway/web/freenode/x-anrbjpxxgycpswle) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ChristopheDuprie (~5bb333e1@gateway/web/freenode/x-ljopusqahlrblqry) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I guess we should sign-off on the official meeting?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, yes.  official meeting is closed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but feel free to continue any discussion here or over in #dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So both ksclarke and I have een working with Hudson lately, and thats just a war that can be configured accordingly, like Continuum etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ksclarke&gt; mdiggory :-) yeah, have our dev through hudson is checking every 10 mins for svn updates now, btw</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;ksclarke&gt; getting ready to duck out for a trip to the pool with my eldest... will read the logs later this eve though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sounds good. think about ideas for CI in the community while your holding your breath</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I saw some cool demos of Hudson at Dev8D in London...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (but, I'll admit, I've never used/installed it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; gotta go bye all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-173-76-18-245.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* rtaylor (~52292565@gateway/web/freenode/x-ozwyetaqlecqdhax) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@184.39.7.249) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: grahamtriggs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@peat.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (Quit: scottatm)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@peat.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@peat.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 265 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ is now known as mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@184.39.7.249) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: stuartlewis)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@184.39.7.249) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
