<span class="irc-date">[0:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ is now known as mdiggory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-162-19-234.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hubbard.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@fedcommsrv1.nsdlib.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 16:32:05 EDT 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[4:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~trig01@80.169.130.178) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Dan_Davis (~43f22e74@gateway/web/freenode/x-uxvatpjfvjdrcnoc) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp136.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-162-19-234.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega_ (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~trig01@80.169.130.178) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega_ (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega_ (~pvillega@86.47.50.67) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@cpe-66-74-212-9.san.res.rr.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:42]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega_ (~pvillega@86.47.50.67) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@64.50.88.162.ptr.us.xo.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Keithg (~Keith@207.138.47.158) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* carynn (~cneiswen@c726.staff.lib.uci.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bojans (~Bojmen@vpn1-71.tu-graz.ac.at) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSpace Developers Mtg will be starting at the top of the hour.  Here's today's agenda (feel free to send items to add if you have any): <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-05-19">http://wiki.dspace.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-05-19</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cccharles (~cccharles@131.104.62.47) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; tdonohue, if one is here at this meeting, do they need to fill out the doodle, or would all using doodle make it easier to calculate?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-173-76-18-245.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz: I was hoping to just use doodle to vote once we get to the Special Topics Mtg discussion -- but, either way is fine...it's possilbe we'd want to choose a different topic altogether -- those are just my suggestions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok...we'll get started now... Agenda here: <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-05-19">http://wiki.dspace.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-05-19</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Send me a msg if you have items to add, and I'll tack them on the end</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First up is 1.6.1 Updates from kshepherd -- he emailed these too me as he won't be here in person today.  So, I'll paste in his updates now:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1. 1.6.1 is online at demo.dspace.org, people are testing, would love more!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2. The documentation issues are just staying open until the day before release (or so) in case there are last minute changes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 3. The other "fix for 1.6.1" open issues were committed on the weekend and will be resolved after a bit more testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 4. It looks like we're still all on track for 21st May GMT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 5. Big thanks to everyone who contributed code, raised issues, helped with testing and review, updated documentation!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 6. It wasn't huge in terms of numbers, but it's a good stable release of 1.6 and I feel that sticking to our plan re: release timing worked out well. Good turnaround -- only 44 days between the announcement and the code freeze.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; big thanks to kshepherd in absentia!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that's it from kshepherd!  I agree, a huge kudos to kshepherd for all his hard work!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yaaay!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any thoughts, questions, comments on 1.6.1 or what kshepherd mentioned above?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; how are we managing publicity?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I fully anticipate that publicity/announcements likely won't go out until Monday.  As the release will happen Friday, and it takes a while for the central maven repo to pick up the new release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, the announcements will go out in all the normal ways: website, email, blog, twitter, etc.  I'll work with Kim to draft it up before Mon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; cool thanks tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If everyone could take a few minutes to do some testing on <a href="http://demo.dspace.org">http://demo.dspace.org</a> (or on your local installs) it'd be beneficial to us all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- next topic I had on the agenda was talking about Robin's Jira Workflow suggestions (though I just noticed robin isn't here)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; these went across in an email to dspace-devel: <a href="http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-devel@lists.sourceforge.net/msg03340.html">http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-devel@lists.sourceforge.net/msg03340.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there any comments on the idea to add a "Received" step *before* "Open", to try and better track which issues have been reviewed and which haven't?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So how does an issue move to Open?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Once someone reviews the issue and decides that it actually *is* an issue, then he/she moves it to Open</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (this idea actually came from the Fedora Community -- this is how they manage their Jira issues)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; What sort of issue would not be an issue?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; "please help me, my dspace no work"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; one that is, e.g. not really a bug or not reproduceable, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ...something that should go to dspace-tech</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep...exactly -- we've actually had quite a few of those sorts of issues pop into Jira recently -- I've been trying to be diligent and close them immediately, but cannot always get to them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As we've all likely noticed, Jira issues are piling up as we never get around to reviewing them most weeks -- the hope here is that we can start to do these reviews asynchronously, and only bring back the ones that need "more eyes" to these meetings</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; would we assume someone will eventually grab each "received" issue, or do we need to say the RC is on-call, and up to them to find someone to review it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Unless there is a designated triage agent who doesn't actually (usually) work on code, I expect that issues will move directly from Received to either Closed or In-Progress.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll admit, I don't have the "answers" here -- I'm mostly just pointing out that our current Jira Workflow is causing a lot of issues to "appear" stagnant.  If we have some sort of confirmation to the submitter that someone has reviewed it, that could be helpful.  But, I'm also looking for other ideas/suggestions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; as to who would be "on call" -- I was hoping that individual committers could volunteer to review issues occasionally -- or we could somehow rotate this duty around</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; What about a periodic email listing issues that have aged without ever changing state?  (Assuming JIRA can do that.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: it's a nice idea, but I haven't seen a way to do that in Jira (though if anyone knows of one, please speak up!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Jira only seems able to send emails when the state/status of an issue changes, or an issue is updated/commented on (at least from what I've seen)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm sure you can customize the reporting in JIRA, I've just not done it before</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There could even just be a team of non-developers who scan the list manually every two weeks and hold our feet to the fire.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I like the idea of a "stagnation" report</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm thinking to have the (RC, or assistant RC), go through each received, and make sure it atleast has a component listed, then component leaders can make sure their components are all reviewed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; make team of non-developers = one computer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; PeterDietz:  so you do want a kind of Issue Editor.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think the "issue editor" idea could be good, if we can rotate that around -- I'd hate for that to fall to the RC, as then it is his/her job for potentially *months* (depending on how far off the release is)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; my point is, I feel we (the committers or trusted developers) should be keeping a closer eye on these issues as they come in, and somehow sharing the duties of the "quick review" of whether an issue is acceptable or should just be closed immediately.   Then we can somehow mark those that really need broader review in these meetings</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Being issue editor for 7 months would be no good. I'm +1 on a stale issue reporter that finds old issues that don't move. I looked through a bunch of issues that say, too tight to fit into 1.6.0, push for later release, and since they didn't get tagged 1.6.1, I don't think anyone looked at them again.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok...well, we can look into a stale issue reporter -- just not sure how easy it is -- it is a good idea though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds reasonable.  I think it does need someone (or a rota of someones) tasked with touching every unreviewed issue and moving it to another state.  I fear that review en passant won't happen often enough.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- in essence of time, we'll table this for now.  I'll bring back the "stale issue reporter" idea, and we can look into that.   Other brainstorms are welcome -- send to robin or myself, please.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; who knows, anyone hitting browse issues, that sees a group of received (needs a quick look at), could be easy enough that with 20+ people going to jira each week, that they will be easy to spot and triage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next Topic: Next Special Topics Mtg -- I posted 5 possible topics (recent "hot" topics) on agenda: <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-05-19">http://wiki.dspace.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-05-19</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any thoughts on what you all feel is *most pressing* (or is there a topic I missed)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; You can also vote for one or more in this Doodle Poll: <a href="http://www.doodle.com/q9ewqpcf49x5z7c8">http://www.doodle.com/q9ewqpcf49x5z7c8</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; DSpace Services seems to be infrastructure for a couple of the others.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; true -- yea, I'll admit, I didn't order these -- I lean towards discussion of either DSpace Services (if mdiggory can lead) or even DSpace UI myself (only bring that up as I've had recent questions about UI-parity offline)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* snail (~stuart@130.195.179.88) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we also could try and discuss multiple, if we wanted to split a meeting into two parts</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: are you thinking extra meetings, or a 'theme' to this weekly?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; a *themed* meeting is what I'm looking at -- a meeting devoted towards more detailed discussion on one or more topics</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; IIRC the idea was that every so often the weekly meeting has a theme.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, exactly -- we first did this in early April and haven't done it since: <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-04-07+-+DSpace+RoadMap">http://wiki.dspace.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-04-07+-+DSpace+RoadMap</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, I was hoping that others would have suggestions on what they'd like to discuss -- the goal of any of these themed meetings is to try and come closer to a general consensus or a roadmap/direction on that topic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I guess it would also be good to set up some rough ideas on a wiki page in advance...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It's already there: <a href="http://wiki.dspace.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/Special+Topics">http://wiki.dspace.org/confluence/display/DSPACE/Special+Topics</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (maybe I didn't advertise that enough -- I've pulled most of these ideas from this page)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yes, but these are questions, I meant more postitions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Just getting back to the computer....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; e.g. pros &amp; cons of UI parity</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I vote all of them, but I see it tends to revolve around what does services give us for free</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I don't think that I have time today to go into a discussion of dspace-services.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; though I think its an important subject.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, right. correct.  I misunderstood richardrodgers.  It would be nice to have someone or someones write up some proposals or pros/cons</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mdiggory: this isn't today's topic, but the 'next' one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; great ok... yes, in that case I wouldn't mind talking about it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- ok, any particular week? (next week, in two weeks, etc.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; mdiggory, are you going to be talking about services at OR10 ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; next week, but I would also say to place it into context with the discussion about stuffing config stuff into the database, it might seem more practical</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm doing a presentation on discovery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; which is currently a "service"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok.  mdiggory, that sounds reasonable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we'll have a Special Topics meeting on DSpace Services (with context of Runtime Reconfiguration) led by mdiggory next week (May 26th).  That sounds like a plan to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; good to go, I have to go back to lurking mode now, sorry.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok mdiggory -- i'll send you an email about this after the mtg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- enough time for a quick Jira review?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Go.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's the list, we'll start with DS-517: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;&amp;pid=10020&amp;resolution=-1&amp;created%3Aprevious=-10w&amp;status=1&amp;assigneeSelect=&amp;sorter/field=created&amp;sorter/order=ASC">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;&amp;pid=10020&amp;resolution=-1&amp;created%3Aprevious=-10w&amp;status=1&amp;assigneeSelect=&amp;sorter/field=created&amp;sorter/order=ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-517:   Versions missing in dspace/pom.xml <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-517">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-517</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Aren't versions usually in [dspace-source]/pom.xml not [dspace-source]/dspace/pom.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; carynn has this been fixed yet? I though I remember seeing a similar issue (or I'm imagining things)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz +1 - yea, I think you are right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yeah, everything should inherit from the parent via DependencyManagement.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; yep, the patch resolves the issue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; if i remember correctly, this particular pom.xml was the only one with the missing versions (sorry, it was a while ago...)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, I think this needs more review -- I've never seen it happen -- any volunteer to test (anyone have 1.5.2 locally)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; *Most* POMs in an inheritance structure should be missing versions.  The versions should flow down from the top of the structure.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I still have 1.5.2 running on production until june, so I can test. Though mvn package, hasn't buggered me about this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep -- agreed -- the versions should only be in [dspace-src]/pom.xml (the root pom.xml) and not the others</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;carynn&gt; yah, it didn't bug me either until i went to use eclipse...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- DS-517 assign to PeterDietz for verification -- if not reproduceable, feel free to close</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Eclipse is buggy enough as it is, the versions are left off to let the plugin increment on their own as the Maven community releases them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-519:  ItemExport doesn't/can't create mapfile <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-519">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-519</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Maven builds on other IDEs don't exhibit this behavior. m2eclipse tends to be a bleeding edge version of Maven</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-519 seems to be a misunderstanding of what ItemExport and ItemImport are meant to do?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; DS-519 sounds like a local issue to me.  I've had no trouble getting mapfiles with 1.5.whatever.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood:  no, I think he's expecting a mapfile from ItemExport (which doesn't generate them at all), rather than from ItemImport</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; If I understand the need, ItemUpdate should work...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Export.  Yes.  Sorry.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers -- would you be willing to respond?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; OK, will do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- assign DS-519 to richardrodgers for followup -- suggest to use ItemUpdate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-520: Allow for bulk/mass authorization/policy  changes on items/bitstreams <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-520">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-520</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh -- this was an improvement/new feature to ease dealing with Policies across multiple bitstreams --  so, it'd need a volunteer to work on before we could do anything</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'll leave DS-520 open for now -- volunteers welcome if you are interested in working on making this easier to manage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; skipping DS-521 -- kshepherd is working on it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz: anything to review on DS-522? <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-522">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-522</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I have local improvements I could add to the patch, I do have two questions though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; 1) Currently its expecting someone to awk, their existing apache logs so that its in a nicer format, should these tools be self contained?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; 2) Do you think having ability to get solr logs from apache logs useful enough to commit into dspace?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; its locally useful since we have gaps in dspace.log, but I'm not sure thats a common problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; my view on #1 is that "awk" is not cross-OS -- so, we should preferably figure out a way to make this self contained and cross-OS</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; #2 -- I'd say, yea, it sounds useful to me.  There's plenty of sites that use Tomcat behind Apache and often apache captures more useful stats info</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; it would be nice if i had a fancy chart comparing my dspace.log data vs apachelog data, but sorry, no fancy chart comparing total stats</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ok, so should this be targeted 1.7, since that accepts new features?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; or will a 1.6.2 do new features</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; depends on how buggy 1.6.1 proves to be</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd say 1.7.0 -- the subminor (1.6.x) releases should just be bug-fix only (in my opinion)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; and... its already targeted for 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok...we're over time here.  So, we'll stop there for now.   Next week will be a Special Topic Meeting on DSpace Services (and I'll work with mdiggory to get some preparation material -- i.e. "homework")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thanks tim, that would be helpful</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- so, have a good rest of the week.  Please help with some more 1.6.1 testing if you have time!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (meeting closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've begun scribbling some more Javadoc (overview, package stuff so far) for Services, probably just to show how much I've misunderstood.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; thanks all, bye</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-173-76-18-245.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* carynn (~cneiswen@c726.staff.lib.uci.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Keithg (~Keith@207.138.47.158) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: grahamtriggs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp136.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp136.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bojans (~Bojmen@vpn1-71.tu-graz.ac.at) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@adhcp136.evans.tamu.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@64.50.88.162.ptr.us.xo.net) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
