<span class="irc-date">[0:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke1 (~kevin@adsl-235-128-38.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-235-32-25.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke1 is now known as ksclarke</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke is now known as Guest65996</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Guest65996 (~kevin@adsl-235-128-38.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-217-116.sd.sd.cox.net) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:45]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 20:32:05 UTC 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pvillega_ (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-235-128-38.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* JimOttaviani (8dd3ac8d@gateway/web/freenode/ip.141.211.172.141) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* JimOttaviani (8dd3ac8d@gateway/web/freenode/ip.141.211.172.141) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pvillega_ (~pvillega@62.77.170.185) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc1-stev6-2-0-cust340.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-217-116.sd.sd.cox.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@207.138.47.158) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all -- today's DSpace Dev Mtg agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-07-21">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-07-21</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (if you have anything else to add, let me know)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- we may as well get started.  I had GSoC updates first.  I've noticed there's been a lot of activity on the Wiki for the GSoC projects (great to see many of the students using it heavily): <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Google+Summer+of+Code">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Google+Summer+of+Code</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Were there any specific GSoC updates anyone wants to share?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* JOttaviani (8dd3ac8d@gateway/web/freenode/ip.141.211.172.141) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* JOttaviani (8dd3ac8d@gateway/web/freenode/ip.141.211.172.141) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; First, lets talk about schedule</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jimottaviani (8dd3ac8d@gateway/web/freenode/ip.141.211.172.141) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory:  are there any GSoC upcoming meetings to know about (I know this was mentioned as still being worked on at/before OR10)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory : we're thinking alike -- go ahead :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; trying not to flood IRC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Monday, August 9 Suggested 'Pencils Down'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Friday, August 20  Final Evaluation Deadline/Final Payment Issued</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Monday, August 23 Final Results Announced</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Monday, August 30 Students Submit Code Samples</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (FYI for all -- this schedule is also embedded on our GSoC wiki page: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Google+Summer+of+Code)">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Google+Summer+of+Code)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; All students did receive passing grades for the midterm.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that's great news all around!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; But, now I think begins the challenging period of us... how do we finish out this years to have the projects follow through to codebase / trunk where appropriate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; JIRA incident to track each one?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* JoseBlanco (8dd32b9d@gateway/web/freenode/ip.141.211.43.157) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Well, we started out with some failure to setup a JIRA project for GSOc, now I'm feeling that was maybe a bad choice...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so, now that we have material to bring into various levels of core, it would be good to see tickets in appropriate places for those activities "DSpaceJIRA" , "Services JIRA" etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea -- it's better to split up into manageable "chunks"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; But, simply getting everyone used to creating tickets around the GSOC projects is the first challenge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it'd be harder to "approve" a JIRA issue if it's really just a placeholder for the whole project -- I imagine for some projects only "part" may be trunk-ready, and the rest may need a bit more work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I see Unit testing as a good first candidate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well -- couldn't we consider the creation of final JIRA issues as part of the "final project report" (i.e. the final deliverable)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Binding each project more tightly to its place in DSpace than to GSoC also emphasizes that this is "real", not just an exercise.  We want to see this stuff become production-ready.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I agree, that not all the projects will be good candidates for trunk, but ticketing for other projects needs to target appropriate modules projects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so for storage and semeantic web projects we have the "DSpace Services" JIRA project that might be a good home</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- yes, I agree with that.  That's what I was trying to get at by saying that a "JIRA placeholder" is less useful than splitting up the project and adding separate (but related) JIRA issues into each of the appropriate modules in JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Might even want several tickets for a single project if it usefully breaks down into components in varying states of readiness.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory_ (~mdiggory@ip72-199-217-116.sd.sd.cox.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; exactly, mhwood -- in my opinion, several tickets is much better than one ticket (as most of these projects touch several parts of the codebase)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; hmm what does it mean when your MacBook Pro makes a boing sound then completely freezes...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no idea -- ugh -- don't talk to me about MacBook pro's -- my battery is completely hosed :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; ok, I was going to say that the REST work, if we are truly targeting 1.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Time to go fishing in syslog.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; 1.7 with it, might have a home in the dspace 1.x ticketing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea -- I was hoping that both REST and some of the very early Unit Testing could start to be pushed towards Trunk (and DSpace 1.7)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; (notes this will open up a discussion into async release process etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (but whether my hopes match with reality is another matter -- in any case, JIRA tickets should help us all get a better sense of how "ready" each of these projects are)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; morning all, sorry for lateness</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hi kshepherd -- still talking GSoC right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; I think a goal with the REST work is that it support legacy DSpace at the same time as new services portings... IMO it should be pluggable to that degree and I know that Aaron would probably recommend such a target.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; I think there is a point where some destabilization of trunk needs to happen to get the work in... and we need to aggree on that period as much as on the feature freeze dates etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; sso, for instance, if destabilization happens in sept then feature freeze could happen in oct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; or august/sept</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that all makes sense -- I still think the best first step is to have someone (preferrably the students, perhaps with mentor help) to create the appropriate JIRA tickets for each project -- that way we can push them for review and try and come to a quick consensus on next steps</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; I agree, but we need to agree on who does that commit work, and I will suggest students over mentors</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory_ you mean actually having the students commit the code to trunk? (or am i misunderstanding)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; We talked about temporary commit rights etc at the or10 meeting...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmmm... as much as I'd like to say "yes", that does make me slightly nervous (in that we haven't had a more thorough review of the code by committers to help decide which parts are 'non-controversial')</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; my point in suggesting it is to aleaviate yet another gatekeeper role / bottleneck in the process</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, we did talk about the temporary commit rights at OR10 -- but if i recall, it was tabled for a full-meeting discussion (special topic mtg)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Commit to a branch and then merge slightly later?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, i definitely see the benefits mdiggory -- i completely agree with minimizing bottleneck (just worried at whether this is controversial amongst our committers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; it makes me slightly nervous ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; commit to a branch first may be less controversial</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; I challenge that this community needs to change its perception of trunk.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; on the other hand, i've argued that broken trunks aren't the end of the world</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; but and do so respectfully, I know why the first blush is to be conservative.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory_ i understand your challenge (and honestly, I agree to a point) -- it's just something that needs to be voted on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; of course</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so -- if you want to propose this (likely via email, we don't have enough here now), we can bring to a vote and see what happens</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; if we really can't live with broken trunks, we'll just keep our own branches on our own svn repos anyway</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; so i think i'd vote for it.. might need to think more though ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; mhwood: unless there is a review between the commit to the branch and the merge... I don't see usefullness in that strategy.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I see three options:   (1) allow commit to trunk ,  (2) allow commit to a branch, and later merge to trunk (after more review/testing),  (3) wait to move to trunk until review/testing (the old way of doing things -- which sometimes leaves things languishing)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The branch is to create space for review, with the code checked into the SCM so we can use all the usual SCM tools for inspecting and manipulating it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; thats already happening</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; but we need to be very cautions about how long those branches sit... deviating from trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory_ it's happening separately right now though (each project has it's own 'branch') -- I think mhwood is suggesting a "merged" branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; the longer they do so, the lower their probability for inclusion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Agreed:  *prompt* review and decisions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; agreed -- I think the goal would be that the branch is very temporary -- a place for immediate review and then hopefully move to trunk before 1.7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; tdonohue: I just think thats a not such a good idea, this is really what a trunk is for</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So where should we be looking?  The SCM tree seems to have grown like kudzu lately.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; and I agree with kshepherd, breakage on the trunk is actually a good thing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; is the disturbance that promotes change/improvement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeah we do need to get less precious about trunk, i think ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory_ yes -- but, do these students have experience with merging?  I'm worried that a merge could accidentally break more than we bargained for (but I could just be paranoid)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; and we have more code review tools to help with post-commit reviews, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; tdonohue: that is why we are here as mentors, to assist them in learning such things if they do not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; ie mentoring = helping</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; not mentoring = judging</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; depends on the way you want to view it - yes, we could get less precious and more experimental with trunk... but that would mean we should be branching early for releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, be as experimental as we want, so long as there is an island of relative stability *somewhere*.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; grahamtriggs: or we work in phases/periods of stability /instability</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; ie... controlled chaos</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, i'll also note here that "breaking trunk" currently is against our recently approved "Guidelines for Committing" -- <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Guidelines+for+Committing">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Guidelines+for+Committing</a>   (obviously, we can change these guidelines as we see fit, but we need to have larger discussion)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; So, table for special topic meeting that needs to happen asap?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; so more developers that have an interst in such a policy have time to respond</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory_ : yes, we could even schedule mtg for next week -- but, we need to also send an email proposing these changes (for those unable to attend)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; I volunteer kshepherd ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory_ : will you take lead on proposing this to dspace-devel today/tomorrow?  We can put on agenda for next week's mtg.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hmm? for what?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha -- you are the one who brought this all up, mdiggory_ :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd runs svn delete on trunk and runs away cackling</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; to write an email about proposing to change the Guidelines to allow more breakage or destabilization phases on trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; ok ok ok...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes -- and explain the background as to *why you propose this*  -- which is that the proposal is that the GSoC students commit ready code to trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; those are two separate issues, I know -- but we might be able to cover both in one special topic mtg</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; my "break trunk" opinions have mostly been in the context of the way we tend to leave bugfixes going stale in JIRA instead of just committing.. this is a slightly different context so i'd like to read/think more</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hey mdiggory_ stop volunteering me for things...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue uh-oh, mdiggory and mdiggory_ are fighting -- this could get ugly :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- anything else immediately on GSoC?  I notice we only have 20mins left  (not that there's much more substantial on the agenda though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; kshepherd, that is a bit different.  I think many of us tend to want more comment than we give, so changes rot....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd nods</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; but I think it is related</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; no better way to enourage peer review than accidentally breaking trunk, though ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; because it has to do with getting things into trunk, then hardening them when errors arise</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; so like mdiggory_ says, it can actually force us into action</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; true -- but we also don't want to harm productivity of our widely distributed group by having a broken trunk for too long :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; rather than waiting long periods of time and only exceppting the most perfect merges</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; and will get us used to using atlassian code review tools more</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; which raises the bar for contribution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Do those tools work now?  Must go look again.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; tdonohue: heh true, of course.. bear in mind that i think 95% of commits won't actually result in a broken trunk ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea agreed :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mhwood: heh, i hope so! i think there is a test review in crucible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; yes, crucible is still working</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- agenda is a bit blown apart for today.  Though, technically we decided on our next Special Topic Mtg already: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-07-21">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-07-21</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; We can refocus, i've got a task to fire off an email on the topic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So -- the only other thing there was any questions/comments on discussions out of OR10 -- and for those who couldn't make it, if there are things that are not clear in the Dev Mtg notes, it'd be good to know (so we can clarify them)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd needs to catch up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, mhwood &amp; kshepherd (and anyone else who couldn't join us) -- please read through the notes when you get a chance -- let me know if there are questions / comments.  We came away with several "ToDo's" which will require a full meeting to discuss (special topic mtg)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Will do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, at OR10, Thorny Staples of DuraSpace offered to give us all a "Intro to Fedora" webinar if there are any of us interested in attending (and we could record it for later as well).   So, I'm interested to hear if this is of general interest -- comments welcome</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithgilbertson&gt; +1 webinar</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and obviously this wouldn't be limited just to DSpace committers -- it'd be an open webinar for anyone in community)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep will do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; Absolutely of interest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;JoseBlanco&gt; I would be interested too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I need to get somewhat up to speed on Fedora.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- i figured there would be interest -- I'll bring this up again with Thorny and see if we can get something scheduled for everyone (and get it recorded too)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; We could tie together Commiter Rights and Guidelines into one specifal topic meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; and Async / Dependencies into one ST meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory_ : makes sense</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; Per Fedora Commiter meetings... My timezone has historically made it impossible to attend them. I may get more time the next two months... but what about reports to the team by those who can attend more regularly?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory_ you still fine with bringing up the subject of the GSoC commits to trunk as an intro to that first discussion?  Then we can get the Commit Rights / Guidelines discussed in terms of what you are proposing for GSoC -- this is a good example of why we may need to loosen some of these rules</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; For instance, I stepped into the last meeting (albeit rather late) to see about a Special Topic around using Spring to inject modules / plugins... that might lead to further corroboration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i have a meeting now, gotta run, cheers all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; tdonohue: yes, perhaps we start with a wiki page to outline the meeting then use that as material for the email</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory_ : ok, that'd make some sense -- you'll have time to help with this?  we really need to get it in everyone's head in the next few days, so that everyone has time to think about it before next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I can also help to fill out the wiki page)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; If we collaborate... I can give a few cycles</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bojans (~Bojmen@91.119.5.141) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; ... ok, I think we are setting up to have krnl_ and I discussing dspace-storage api architecture issues in the next hour, so if there are those here that want to listen / participate in on a GSoC meeting.  Its an impromptu opportunity.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds good -- I want to make sure it captures what you are thinking in regards to GSoC -- cause that really is the thing that needs the most immediate analysis and discussion (as deadlines are looming, etc).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; true, true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- sounds good -- the official Dev Mtg is closed -- take it away mdiggory (and everyone please stick around if you can to hear about GSoC)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Wish I could stay.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* JoseBlanco (8dd32b9d@gateway/web/freenode/ip.141.211.43.157) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory_&gt; I guess its time to let mdiggory speak again...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory_ (~mdiggory@ip72-199-217-116.sd.sd.cox.net) Quit (Quit: mdiggory_)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; whew, he's gone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; If that totally confused you, my laptop had forze and I was using a second machine until it got done "thinkng really hard"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So I gues we can bring to order a meeting around GSoC for those who are here? I see bojans and krnl_ are in the house</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; krnl_: do you want to bring up the topic again concerning the storage api design in the forum now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; these are really specific questions, but needs to be answered</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; (for those needing to catch up please see: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/GSOC10+-+Backport+of+DSpace+2+Storage+Services+API+for+DSpace+1.x)">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/GSOC10+-+Backport+of+DSpace+2+Storage+Services+API+for+DSpace+1.x)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; i tried to incorporate changes i collected from Mark ideas and produces class/interface diagram</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; produced</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So, the current model leans towards treating Binray content separately from other properites.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; with the IBinaryStorage mixin and the IMetadataStorage mixin</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; it does produce whole similar branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; i was thinking whether this is ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Are there challenges with method signatures having different return types in each mixin?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; IE restoreVersion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; this depends how binary is different from property</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Higher up in IBinaryWritableStorage etc, you differentiated between the two mixins by using saveBinary vs saveMetadataProperties</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I know it was incomplete in the manner I added it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The intention with Binary was that it would be a "Value" of a property</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; that changes something</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; this does allow merging these branches</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but there still needs to be a service method like saveBinary that can process the InputStream and create the Binary object</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and that whole approach is the manner that JCR 2 treats Binary objects...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; there was a considerable "back and forth" between Aaron and I when we were trying to create the orignal api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I wanted (much like you've started to approach here) that Binary and Metadata were different "Representations" of an Entity</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Thus there might be entirely separate MetadataStore and Binary Store that associated Entity ids with objects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the same entity id would return different representations given the service you called it on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; IE like Bitstream metadata vs Bitstream content...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Aaron leaned more towards treating content as values attached to entities in the same service</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; IE the JCR way of doing things</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; there was a comprimise...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we really need to see the content both ways</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; especially when you start trying to map to fedora</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; But its important to recognize that services are applied differently at different levels of the application architecture....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Storage Level: Services are specific to the store... IE TupiloStore, FedoraStore, DataSource, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Application Level: Services are centric to Function... User, Event, Search, Metadata, Content</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So we need to think about where each level maps onto a Legacy DSpace api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Maybe we can get some perspective from bojans...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; How do we deal with REST api on Bitstreams at the moment?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; they are aproached through currently available api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; eg dspace-api, content and so</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; but I am working to decouple these functions and concetrate them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but how do you represent access to either content vs bitstream metadata?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; so to make the transition to new system easier e.g more transaprent</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; you mean how it is accessed, from the user perspective?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, from the standpoint of "representations"....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; A Bitstream does have metadata, (checksum, size, filename, description)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and a Bitstream is also content</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; likewise a Bitstream has relations to BitstreamFormat and the Bundle it is in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I found it...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ..../bitstream/{id}/receive</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; vs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; yes this is representation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ....//bitstream/{id}</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; see</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/GSOC10+-+DSpace+REST+API">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/GSOC10+-+DSpace+REST+API</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; no currently it should be /bitstream/{id}.. at least to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; receive is deprecated there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; the same approach as for other entities applies</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; e.g. Bitstream has metadata which can be accessed using /bitstram/{id}/[checksum,bundles,size...]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; or everything can be received in one package through /bitstream/{id}</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so... /bitstream/{id} returns the content and... we access everything else individually?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; the similar applies for other entities</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; actually, this part I havent definitely decided, there are two variants</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; 1) bitstream/{id} returns content and other fields</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; or 2) it returns only fields and content must be downloaded separately as bitstream/{id}/content</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; I am trying to be consistent with this among other access points</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that is confusing... makes me think we need something "Linked Data" like here...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so in the linked data approach the following would be the case...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; .../bitstream/{id} might return the content, while  .../bistream/{id}/representation.ext might return metadata</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; something like bitstream/{id}/content  for the content is an alternative</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; from the perspective of the bitstream, at least as it is currently defined, I have understood/perceived content as a "equal" field among other fields in the bitstream entity</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; so from this point it goes like /bitstream/{id}/content</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; however from the user point content might be field of greater importance etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Thats what I was looking for as an answer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the duality exists in the REST api as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; The question is, at some point does a decision need to be made on the choice of approach.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Content as Entity vs Content as property of Entity</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This where the object model evolves to....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; I think we may look there also from the perspective of the technical implementation and possible issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; e.g. content, which is in 100s or 10Ks in size compared to name, format desription or some other property</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; and there is also point of its storage implementation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; how it is stored</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, we may store metadata locally for fast access while storing content somwhere else (i.e. Cloud)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Legacy DSpace has this with database and assetstore</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or database and SRB/iRODS instance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and we regularly do customization that push the content into third part stores...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; and this fact maybe pushes a bit towards content as a entity</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; then we have tdonohue's work to produce AIP which basically take that metadata representation and serialize it into the storage teir</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; turning it into content</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or at least that is what the original AIP prototype was trying to do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- the new AIP work doesn't do that -- it's for *export* only -- so the new AIP work is just to export content/metadata out of DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and then reimport it back in later on -- so it's for backup/restore functionality essentially.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yea, that is why a qualified the answer further ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (i.e. it doesn't touch storage at all)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry if that creates misdirection</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So, maybe some thought about this from the Fedora side?  In Fedora we have Fedora Objects with properties and datastreams (which also have properties)... whats the rest api for accessing datastreams look like?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCR30/REST+API#RESTAPI-getDatastreamDissemination">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCR30/REST+API#RESTAPI-getDatastreamDissemination</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; FYI -- Fedora REST API docs: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCR30/REST+API">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCR30/REST+API</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; theres two methods...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCR30/REST+API#RESTAPI-getDatastream">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FCR30/REST+API#RESTAPI-getDatastream</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; API-A adn API-M</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I don't see a means to get just the datastream properties though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; unless thats just a dissemination</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think it *is* just a dissemination (though I could be mistaken)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so, returning to bojans comment eariler</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bojans: e.g. content, which is in 100s or 10Ks in size compared to name, format desription or some other property</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; [2:44pm] bojans: and there is also point of its storage implementation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Something else that came up at OR10...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; was that the what we are trying to do with assembling several stores under the ProvidedStorageService is similar to a project in the Fedora community to introduce a higherlevel storage solution allowing multiple stores to be organized with separate rules for how content is processed when added</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; trying to recall if it was based on Akubra or not... but... there was discussion on not replicating the wheel in that regard</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So we may or may not have need for complex storage assembies in DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; But, from an API standpoint, it may be important to focus on the "function of the API" needed in DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Is it the case we should focus on entirely separate services or continue the mixin approach?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I don't want to dominate the discussion here...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, its probibly time to close down the meeting if we are not making further progress</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; honestly to say I am not sure if I am catching all thoughts here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; prolem is that nobody is sure how everything really should be done</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the point in question was in reference to your technical implementation view</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; are content and metadata storage significantly separate functions that they should have entirely separate services rather than just mixin interfaces</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; from the technical e.g. implementation view it seems they are</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and thus significantly different representations/providers in the rest interface</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; but anyways for the rest interface does it need to automatically mean that they should be represented completely separete or independent of bitstream/item?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; krnl_: cerainly an area of many questions, yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bojans: probibly not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; also for the content (and probably metadata) separate service might give other possibilities to.. "evolve" in the future</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we see that both JCR and Fedora keep the two close together</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; as you mentioned before, clouds and others</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so what are the "functional areas" of storage?  Metadata and Content?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; at OR, we also discussed trying to expose Fedora Content Models up into DSpace...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that suggests another service... a SchemaService</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thus theres... Content, Metadata and Schema where Schema contains models for how the Content and Metadata related to eachother</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kind of a MetadataSchema that is "type" specific</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bojans&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we will probably want to implement those quite differenly in cases of Tupelo, JCR, Fedora and Legacy DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i unfortunately have to go (and I'm only 1/2 paying attention anyways) -- but, it seems to me that it might be worth learning from JCR &amp; Fedora (and doing something similar, if possible), especially since we are investigating more integration between Fedora and DSpace.  Not sure if that helps or hinders these decisions...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So, mixins,for krnl_ I think the takehome is that while we have mixin interfaces that can be assembles for Metadata vs Binary content,  we do ultimately need different "Services" that are gone to in the application for each</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but this can be as simple as creating spring aliases to each in the spring configuration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; all pointing back to one common singleton</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or if its easier... keep them separate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think we lost krnl_  it is 20 minutes after midnight there isn't it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;krnl_&gt; 1:20 to be more exact :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok... well, let allow you guys some rest... I'm sure he will follow up later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bojans (~Bojmen@91.119.5.141) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
