<span class="irc-date">[1:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-217-116.sd.sd.cox.net) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-235-49-191.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-217-116.sd.sd.cox.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-235-49-191.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-235-49-191.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-217-116.sd.sd.cox.net) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-217-116.sd.sd.cox.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@121.98.157.79) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@121.98.157.79) Quit (Quit: stuartlewis)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-217-116.sd.sd.cox.net) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'">http://duraspace.org/irclogs/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper on Tue Jun 30 20:32:05 UTC 2009</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@static-64-115-208-50.isp.broadviewnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@static-64-115-208-50.isp.broadviewnet.net) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-235-49-191.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@204.169.162.3) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* achelous (~tom@216.160.210.151) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bess (~bess@204.169.162.3) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jaron (~jason@204.169.162.3) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dougkim (~dougkim@204.169.162.3) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* flyingzumwalt (~matt@204.169.162.3) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* alxp (~aoneill@204.169.162.3) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mikek_ (~mkorcy01@204.169.162.3) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dougkim (~dougkim@204.169.162.3) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@ip72-199-217-116.sd.sd.cox.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jaron (~jason@204.169.162.3) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mikek_ (~mkorcy01@204.169.162.3) Quit (Quit: mikek_)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* flyingzumwalt (~matt@204.169.162.3) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) Quit (Read error: Operation timed out)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@204.169.162.3) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@204.169.162.3) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bess1 (~bess@204.169.162.3) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bess (~bess@204.169.162.3) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* alxp_ (~aoneill@204.169.162.3) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* alxp (~aoneill@204.169.162.3) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* alxp_ is now known as alxp</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* achelous (~tom@216.160.210.151) Quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* HardyPottinger (80ce8627@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.134.39) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5229fd08@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.253.8) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cccharles (~user@131.104.62.55) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all -- DSpace Devel mtg start here in just a few minutes.  Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-10-06">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-10-06</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I'll be here for the first time in.... too many months! :)   We've just entered daylight saving, so the meeting time is shifted by 1 hour.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@18.111.19.238) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hey!  welcome back, stuartlewis :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* John__ (83bb6606@gateway/web/freenode/ip.131.187.102.6) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I was just getting used to auto-assigning things to stuartlewis that nobody else grabbed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, looks like we are at the top of the hour.  First up, JIRA reviews.  Here's a list of recent issues: <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;&amp;pid=10020&amp;resolution=-1&amp;created%3Aprevious=-13w&amp;assigneeSelect=&amp;sorter/field=created&amp;sorter/order=ASC">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;&amp;pid=10020&amp;resolution=-1&amp;created%3Aprevious=-13w&amp;assigneeSelect=&amp;sorter/field=created&amp;sorter/order=ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll be starting shortly with DS-632</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* John__ (83bb6606@gateway/web/freenode/ip.131.187.102.6) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Batch Metadata Import needs to validate metadata fields specified in CSVs : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-632">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-632</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* JohnDavison (83bb6606@gateway/web/freenode/ip.131.187.102.6) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Assign that one to me :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (looks like this is one assigned to stuartlewis)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; does this require any review, stuartlewis?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Don't think so - its just a bit of error checking that is missing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.  we'll skip then for now, and we can always re-review later if you need it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Improvment to OAI-PMH + OAI-ORE harvesting support : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-634">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-634</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Nice to have, but no patch.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; this looks like a new feature request -- probably needs to have it's "type" changed to "Feature Request"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Do I recall that someone said recently on one of the MLs that this was being worked on?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmm...not sure? if so, we should link thread up to this issue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I know this guy, he works in our national library. I'll chase it up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- assign to robint for investigation.  revisit later</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Rendering MathML code in abstracts : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-635">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-635</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; This is more of a deeper issue about how we store metadata as plain text.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; embedded markup is tricky</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; This and others like it will come up again and again until it is either done or stated that it will never happen.  There's something about the abstract that makes people want markup.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; A topic for a special meeting one day?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; perhaps -- definitely needs more discussion, at the very least</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; on the ML, I mentioned I was using some JS, to transform LaTeX to a graphic display: <a href="http://picasaweb.google.com/pdietz84/OSULibraries#5469790115043107506">http://picasaweb.google.com/pdietz84/OSULibraries#5469790115043107506</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-635 :  Needs more discussion.  How does this impact DSpace -- should 'abstracts' (or other fields) support markup inherently</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Or do we add a new input-forms.xml type, or rich-text?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; s/or/of</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; PeterDietz: My repo admin got all excited when he saw that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- can you link that mailing list discussion into this issue as a comment?  That'd be worth noting to this person</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll move on for now to next issue (hi mark)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Its always been an unspoken rule that dc not contain xml markup</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Error Check Needed for handle.prefix in Dspace.cfg : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-636">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-636</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (mdiggory -- yea, that is true -- metadata librarians are adamant about that)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; No harm in adding that - a small tweak that might help someone.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; what do folks think about DS-636 -- should we add in this simple error check to see if 'handle.prefix' is set in dspace.cfg?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; At least it should not NPE.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; agree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; would we default to 123456789?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; But it won't stop the NPE, just report on it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds like we have a consensus on some sort of check.  Does someone want to take lead on it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1 should be logged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Or should we default to something like "missing.handle.prefix"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm fine with just logging it, and potentially just adding a 'throw new Exception()' in there that says it is missing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tbh,  the handle prefix really is a critical design flaw with DSpace....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Have configuration manager check it at startup and exit if missing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; what if you do not want to have /handle/123456..../1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; what if your not using handles?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- that's a bigger flaw in DSpace which will take longer to resolve.  Right now, don't we *require* a handle prefix?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; what should the default value be there, and shouldn' it be something agnostic to hadles</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; dspace.example.com</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; how would there "not" be one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; maybe there should be a hardcoded default rather than working about NPE and wanrings</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; working = worrying .... wanrings = warnings</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I don't think it should be a warning; it should either default or quit cleanly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds like either mhwood or mdiggory is about to volunteer :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think we just need a volunteer to propose a well-tested solution, that we can approve.  anyone?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Any consensus on default/quit/keep NPE?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm in favor of having the code default to default of 123456789</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; technically we already default to 123456789 in dspace.cfg -- this only happens, if you explicitly clear out that default</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithgilbertson&gt; warn if no value, but default</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I love that ConfigurationManager has no method.... getProperty("key", "default");</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'm not crazy about default values - too much risk of mis-assigning lots of items...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yes, so defaulting to the same value in two places might make it harder to track down</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but tons of other convenience methods</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, i'd rather throw an error here, or refuse to startup (quit), since we already have a default elsewhere</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithgilbertson&gt; I guess so.  Why run the hdl server at all if you're not using a real prefix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithgilbertson&gt; maybe best to quit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but the value is also used in the interface and all the local URL</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so if I do not want to run a handle service, why would I suggest I am publishing handles by using a handle prefix?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Is this bit of code in handlemanager, in which case is it only invoked it your are using handles?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Thats conflated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; its also in ItemUpdate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you have to use Handlemanager as its hardcoded</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so -- no agreement here?  not even on just the 'quit' option?   It seems like the way DSpace currently behaves, we are *requiring* that handle.prefix has a value (even if it's a dummy value).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds like we need two tickets:  this one, to fix the crash, and another to revamp the guts of DSpace so that Handles can be replaced with something else, or nothing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; HandleManager is used within DSpace as a means to resolve any /handle/xxxx value to an Object</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If no one else wants it, I will fix to complain and exit.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, assign DS-636 to mhwood.   We may also want to open a new ticket to look into making DSpace less dependent on Handles (a larger project)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; agreed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One more for today...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1.6.2 browse index bug/fix for authority index : <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-637">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-637</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; +1 if Andrea agrees</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; (which I think he did)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 as well -- assign to Andrea to test/confirm?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithgilbertson&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, from email thread, it looks like Andrea already "volunteered" to fix it.  I'll assign this to him for investigation/verification and then commit to trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-637 - assign to andrea for verification &amp; commit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Whats the solution to DS-636, add log / error reporting / quit... or set default value?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I was going to have it quit with a clear error</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Define quit?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; System.exit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good point, I have to see where-all it is used.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Can't System.exit in a webapp.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, you *can*....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd suggest for DS-636, mhwood investigate the best way to 'quit' and log an error, and make a suggestion for an appropriate fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Will do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Calling System.exit in our code, even in the cli is bad</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, next up on agenda -- 1.7 updates, take it away PeterDietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I recommend just setting a default... the code replacement would be minimal and it would assure that the system is running always in the expected state</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Hi All, I've seen some progress of some svn commits on works in progress, so +1 to all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Also, I've gotten Pere to grab a task, and he's submitted a patch, on pretty quick time, thats likely to be added to 1.7 features (login to current page)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; mdiggory:  will bear that in mind if there is no good way out, but I think this should prevent starting if that doesn't require too much violence to the code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; There is a DSUG 2010 in Baltimore,MD,USA next month</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'll be talking to whoever is there about the release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; FYI PeterDietz -- someone already commented that Pere's patch is limited, so we may need a new version there. <a href="http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-570">http://jira.dspace.org/jira/browse/DS-570</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithgilbertson&gt; I think I can make the DSUG meeting; not the rest of the conference</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Baltimore dates?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; In the mailing-list, I've tried to get an effort behind adding xmlui-themes, as I had hoped to have a wordpress-esque theme gallery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; PeterDietz: we've been planning a similar contribution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; DSUG is W- NOV 10.. Some other conference is M-8 and Tues-9</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; the DSUG 2010 is immediately after SPARC: <a href="http://www.arl.org/sparc/meetings/dr10/">http://www.arl.org/sparc/meetings/dr10/</a> (on Nov 10)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; K thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; at least an improved theme that may have some improvements to the current Reference and make a better starting point for branding</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; a good selection of basic colors and CSS formatting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; yeah, another hopefully nice thing to get out of xmlui would be how to have multiple themes for a single site, that follow some common characteristics. So, that you can have MyUniversityLayout, and then other themes just lay on top of it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There's also a related thread on mailling lists about the complexity and confusion of the 'structural.xsl' in the Reference theme -- so, if we could find someone to break that up better, it'd be a nice thing to have</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ...without having to copy and paste the same junk into each theme</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; So what portions are getting the most complaints&gt;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Can't just include/import the common stuff?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; My thinking with structural.xsl is that someone took Occam's Razor to it too much. Like here's how to do it in 100 lines of code, here how to do it in 1 line of code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; The complaint is that its not broken into homepage.xsl, itempage.xsl etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; well, right now, I think that the tough parts are an overliance on modes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; robint: but that was a design feature</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; here's the whole thread that digs into the issues with structural.xsl -- basically the main issue is it's highly confusing, and hard to change a single page's content -- <a href="http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-tech@lists.sourceforge.net/msg12099.html">http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-tech@lists.sourceforge.net/msg12099.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Just being the messenger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hmm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think there may be a place for two options here -- the current Reference theme (with current structural.xsl), and an "Easy Start" theme, which uses almost page or section-based XSLTs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; the feedback was that the structural.xsl is way too daunting and scary when you first get started</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Structural.xsl largely has generic matchers so its doesn't lend itself to being broken down by page.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Ok, so hopefully everything that is assigned to everyone tagged as 1.7 is making progress, as we're going to "freeze" for an RC in 2 weeks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; right -- but, the main point is that you don't *have* to use structural.xsl.  You can create an alternative "Easy Start" theme from scratch, which uses a different set of XSLT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Theres a larger topic there as well....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; inbetween "pages" and "components" there "functionalities"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There's a good point:  Reference is nice but tries too hard to be interesting.  A plainer, more conservative (even stodgy) Theme might be a better starting point for customizing, at least w.r.t. understanding what is going on.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; for instance browse, search, ItemView, Recently Added, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; what I've learned in the process of working on discovery is that classes like CommunityViewer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- actually, Oct 22 is just a 'feature freeze' -- no Release Candidate yet.   The RC1 is scheduled for a week later on Nov 5 (to leave time for some quick testing/stabilizing and bug fixes before RC1)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that Communityviewer hardwires a set of functionalities together</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; such as Recently Added and Summary List... I'd like to see breaking that up a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; tdonohue, Thats why I said "freeze", kind of like how one can say theres been some "discussion" about dspace performance on tomcat</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; haha :) gotcha</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mdiggory: As seperate classes/transformers ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this would be in preparation for a capability to separate the existing Browse system completely out of the XMLUI and turning on Discovery in its place.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; On LKML they used to talk about "code slush".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Do we have other updates for 1.7.0 from others?  how are we looking on outstanding features?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; robint: yes, separate transformers... possibly even separate aspects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: i thought we already split recentsubmissions into a seperate aspect?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; if not, i think i have that patch lying around..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i agree with the principle.. it'd be easier to build things with sitemap if we split that functionality up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that might make the individual page think more feasible too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; think = thing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithgilbertson&gt; was thinking I might have powerpoint text extraction in the media filter by 1.7, but ran into some dependency conflicts with POI that might not let that happen on time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; keithgilbertson: if not, just start it as a module project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; then we can publish how to add it in easily via ones maven build</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithgilbertson&gt; mdiggory: wondering if I shouldn't do that anyway.  If it's a module, does that mean I won't have to worry about conflicting requirements for library versions?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; whats the current conflict?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; keithgilbertson, I'm ok with touching the org.textmining, so long as we don't add the opossums</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithgilbertson&gt; thanks Peter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; here's the email thread about the POI conflict: <a href="http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-tech@lists.sourceforge.net/msg12184.html">http://www.mail-archive.com/dspace-tech@lists.sourceforge.net/msg12184.html</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithgilbertson&gt; mdiggory:  I wrote the powerpoint filter to use POI, but it requires at least version 3.5 to support XML version of powerpoint files</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithgilbertson&gt; while the WordFilter uses an old org.textmining package which requires POI 2.5 to work - some changes in POI with a method signature broke binary compatibility</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; keithgilbertson: I would say to fix the word filter and upgrade the usage of poi to be a more current version</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;keithgilbertson&gt; I'll try that :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is there a Maven plugin to report "the following dependencies are really old and should be upgraded"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Because we tend to pin everything down to a specific release, which sits there growing older while the world moves on.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, looks like we're running short on time here.  any last 1.7 updates?  Also, do we all agree with the currently proposed "how we will manage Docs on the Wiki" (see agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-10-06)?">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2010-10-06)?</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I agree +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yep +1, i'm on-board for doco on the wiki</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So how do we make minor fixes to old doc.s?  People find errors and omissions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood -- we'd archive a 'read-only' version of old wiki docs for a time period.  But, we'd only make fixes that are deemed necessary.   What ones are "deemed necessary" is up to us -- but the idea is that we'd discourage fixes to old docs (which quickly is a mgt problem) unless necessary</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think we have to balance two ideas here -- we don't want to be managing multiple versions of the docs on the wiki (we already have enough problems getting one set of docs consistent), but we may want to keep old ones around for a while if there are glaring issues (causing us to need to remake the HTML or PDF)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I still have some difficulty with the notion that everybody switches to the new release on day 1.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; nobody does... but that doesn't mean that we need to maintain the docs as if they are code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; they don't have to though -- the old docs will still be there for a while -- and at the very least we'll *always* have the HTML and PDF version</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (i.e. we will never remove HTML or PDF versions of old docs from our website.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; a read only wiki would allow room for adding "comments"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we can make comments possible while also keeping the rest of it "read-only" -- at least, I think those are two separate permissions in Confluence</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but also commenting on the living doc would allow for "caveats" per version to be documented within it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Or a live errata page.  Something to capture the inevitable (IMO) small discoveries that come later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;HardyPottinger&gt; php.net keeps one set of docs online, and notes differences (sometimes...) between different versions, and the live comments tend to pick up where the docs drop the ball</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I just verified -- we can allow for comments to be posted to a 'read-only' wiki space</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, we could leave comments on -- and we could also create an errata page somewhere in our main docs, if we felt that worthwhile</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, that sounds good.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; lastly, jira upgrade?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; excellent.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* achelous (~tom@216.160.210.151) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; jira upgrade is delayed a bit -- turns out to be more complex than initially thought to merge two jira's together.  Chris Wilper &amp; I are working more on it on Fri -- hoping to work out the last kinks, and *possibly* schedule for sometime next week (assuming we are able to work out kinks on friday)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So -- i'll keep you all posted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; per asynchronous releasing.... I've been doing quite a bit of testing, but the work is leaning more towards (1) getting switched over to use sonatype, (2) cleaning up maven build process so its a little less confusing and there are fewer levels (3) trying to create incremental releases of dspace submodules.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; is this something still for 1.7 mark? or is it sounding more like post-1.7?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I've been working on things I can get into 1.7.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, cool.  just checking</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'll also add that I've been sitting in the fedora meetings and they are dealing with similar issues in the mavenization of fedora</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- we're 10 minutes over now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- yes, thaanks for that!  I've heard good feedback through Chris as well.  glad you can touch base with them on maven stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* JohnDavison (83bb6606@gateway/web/freenode/ip.131.187.102.6) Quit (Ping timeout: 265 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Shall we end for today?  I know we didn't discussion DSpace Performance discussions -- but, you can all read those on the listservs for now :)  (And I'm talking with Cambridge offlist, and had discussions with Graham as well today)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'll followup where I can offlist</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yeah, I gotta go.  Performance stuff should perhaps slide over to dev list for now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd isn't brave enough to get caught up in that one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- we'll end there then.  have a good one!  I'll stick around for a while in case anything comes up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; it would be nice is mvn package / ant update, didn't cause me such blindness while watching them build. this however is a separate concern. blindness being lots of scrolling of useless to me while watching it build</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1 for Tim's statesman like diplomatic skills recently.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; heh, yes, +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue needs a beer tonight :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; PeterDietz: you can tell mvn just to report WARN or higher, instead of INFO</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; stuartlewis: Cant think what you could mean :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Go to go, cheers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5229fd08@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.253.8) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@ACK5859s3.lib.ohio-state.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson (~keith-noa@lib-kgilbertson.library.gatech.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-235-49-191.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* HardyPottinger (80ce8627@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.134.39) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bess1 (~bess@204.169.162.3) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* alxp (~aoneill@204.169.162.3) Quit (Quit: alxp)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-235-49-191.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@18.111.19.238) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bess (~bess@173-160-115-74-Minnesota.hfc.comcastbusiness.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@204.169.162.3) Quit (Quit: eddies)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bess (~bess@173-160-115-74-Minnesota.hfc.comcastbusiness.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-55.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bess (~bess@173-160-115-74-Minnesota.hfc.comcastbusiness.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bess (~bess@173-160-115-74-Minnesota.hfc.comcastbusiness.net) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* interloper_uq (~uqckorte@lib-ckmacbook.library.uq.edu.au) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@207-172-69-79.c3-0.smr-ubr3.sbo-smr.ma.static.cable.rcn.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* eddies (~eddies@c-71-63-238-11.hsd1.mn.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@c-71-63-238-11.hsd1.mn.comcast.net) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* achelous (~tom@216.160.210.151) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* alxp (~aoneill@173-160-115-74-Minnesota.hfc.comcastbusiness.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
