<span class="irc-date">[0:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* alxp (~aoneill@blk-30-155-121.eastlink.ca) Quit (Quit: alxp)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* alxp (~aoneill@blk-30-155-121.eastlink.ca) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snail&gt; stuartlewis / kshepherd: got to the bottom of my SWORD issues. didn't work through httpd virtual hosting but worked from localhost directly to port 8080, so almost certainly my httpd config is broken. Seems like SWORD is the only part of dspace that actually requires the host name components of URLs to be right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yep.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Not sure if the restriction is too harsh.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;snail&gt; stuartlewis: no the restriction is not too harsh (because an exploit could cause havoc), but the error / warning messages are not explicit enough</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:14]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* snail gone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: stuartlewis)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@121.98.157.79) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@121.98.157.79) Quit (Quit: stuartlewis)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Mayank1 (~MnzNotebu@122.173.195.53) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@121.98.157.79) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Mayank1 is now known as Mayank</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@121.98.157.79) Quit (Quit: stuartlewis)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Mayank (~MnzNotebu@122.173.195.53) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Mayank (~MnzNotebu@122.173.195.53) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@121.98.157.79) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@121.98.157.79) Quit (Quit: stuartlewis)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Mayank (~MnzNotebu@122.173.195.53) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ianthe (~ianthe@cowu.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ianthe (~ianthe@cowu.be) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* alxp (~aoneill@blk-30-155-121.eastlink.ca) Quit (Quit: alxp)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* alxp (~alxp@PC044.ROBLIB.UPEI.CA) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* alxp (~alxp@PC044.ROBLIB.UPEI.CA) Quit (Quit: alxp)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-65-246.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke1 (~kevin@adsl-39-65-246.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke1 (~kevin@adsl-39-65-246.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-65-246.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Tonny_DK (~thl@130.226.36.117) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* neanlos (~neanlos@190.144.163.85) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* alxp (~alxp@PC044.ROBLIB.UPEI.CA) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;neanlos&gt;  Good morning to everyone!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;neanlos&gt; Does anyone know a good method to find errors during the update process of dspace.cfg?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* neanlos1 (~neanlos@190.144.163.85) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* neanlos (~neanlos@190.144.163.85) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@121.98.157.79) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@121.98.157.79) Quit (Quit: stuartlewis)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@121.98.157.79) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@121.98.157.79) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* neanlos (~neanlos@190.144.163.85) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* neanlos1 (~neanlos@190.144.163.85) Quit (Ping timeout: 265 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:47]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@c-24-60-203-182.hsd1.ma.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Reminder: at the top of the hour, there's a DSpace Developers Meeting here.  Today's agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-01-26">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-01-26</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cccharles (~chris@131.104.62.55) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jefftrimble (~jefftrimb@pool-70-20-65-250.pitbpa.east.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5229fe8f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.143) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (80ce8882@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.136.130) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@128.146.175.194) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all -- time to begin the weekly DSpace Developers Mtg.  As usual, we'll start with some JIRA reviews...beginning with DS-669 today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; here's a link of issues to be reviewed: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-669+ORDER+BY+key+ASC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+AND+Key%3E%3DDS-669+ORDER+BY+key+ASC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt;  icons of restricted bitstreams : <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-669">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-669</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue today's agenda if you haven't seen it is at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-01-26">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-01-26</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-100.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Did it used to work that way?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; does this patch skip the auth check on the icons if there are no publicly viewable ORIGINAL bitstreams?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; What if you aren't logged in, but could read it if you were?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; sounds like something that would be nice to configure (either display protected or not at all)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; What does he mean by icon? Thumbnail?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Mayank (~beakkon@122.173.195.53) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; i think thumbnail is what is meant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think he means the actual bitstream link</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; See DS-611 for more background: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-611">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-611</a> (includes comments by Claudia)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; looks like the patch just doesn't render any detail if there's no bundle access.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; when you restrict access to an ORIGINAL bitstream, it would be helpful if derivative bitstreams are also permission changed as well (atleast the option to keep them in sync)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it looks like DS-669 is the same as DS-611 (it was just added again)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; PeterDietz: option to keep them in sync. It's entirely reasonable to want to display the thumbnail, but restrict access to the full image</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; bah, i want a one-size-fits-none repository</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone willing to investigate DS-669 further -- sounds like someone should do some digging into seeing what actually did change between 1.5 and 1.6, and look into our various options</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; i'll dig into it.  you can assign it to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, assign DS-669 to sandsfish.  He'll investigate and get back to us with more details/possible solutions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Nullpointer exception when bogus information is entered in the Embargo date field during submission : <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-672">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-672</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Should not NPE, that's for sure.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; do we have a standard solution/library for javascript validation of fields?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any volunteers to verify &amp; perhaps resolve DS-672</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; jQuery or the like?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Give it to me.  I hate NPEs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; jQuery is in some XMLUI themes (Mirage, I believe) -- but not in JSPUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, assign DS-672 to mhwood for testing &amp; analysis.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (although, if we wanted, this could be a nice opportunity to "standardize" on jQuery validation -- worth possibly looking at, mhwood, if it helps)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; it would be great to have a standard way to validate &amp; give immediate UI feedback.  (just sayin')</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; yup</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue and sandsfish said same thing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok..next one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; My Archived Submissions : <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-673">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-673</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I do recall, that JSPUI has this feature, and XMLUI does not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and..bonus, there's a patch already!  Anyone want to volunteer to review the work, and maybe commit it if it looks good?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; it looks like the RC for 1.7 forgot to notice this one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (Fyi -- since this patch adds new i18n tags, it'd likely have to wait to be released till 1.8.0, as we generally don't release language pack changes in .1 releases)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; No volunteers?  Ok, I'll do it then. :)  Assign DS-673 to tdonohue for code review &amp; possible commit for 1.8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Add and Remove Selected actions on individual metadata fields have an effect on the whole form : <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-674">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-674</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-674 seems like another area the something like jQuery could potentially be helpful (rather than reloading the whole page)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I think we need to work on a submissions API then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; what are others thoughts here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The current behavior is incorrect and surprising.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; what do you mean by "submissions API", PeterDietz? is this Java? Javascript?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; re: incorrect/surprising: especially if you checkmark a checkbox, then click next.. it deletes anything that was checkmarked</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ugh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz, is this something you all are working on at OSU?  I recall you mentioning you are doing usability work with submissions interfaces?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: we don't release language pack changes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; they should be released asyncronously</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; 1.8.0.0, 1.8.0.1, 1.8.1.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry s/8/7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- that's not what I said... we release changes, but we don't tend to *add new fields* in bug fix releases (or at least, again, we didn't with the 1.6.x cycle)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; tdonohue, to send a ajax request to update the form to hold the newly added field, and to save the state of the action "Add More" it would be nice to have an HTTP rest api to submit the newly added field... but alternatively some fancy ui things could allow you to keep the newly added field in the form, but add a warning that you have unsaved changes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry maybe I misunderstood.... tdonohue: (Fyi -- since this patch adds new i18n tags, it'd likely have to wait to be released till 1.8.0, as we generally don't release language pack changes in .1 releases)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- ok, maybe I did say that.  I was "misquoted" :)  I meant that we don't tend to add new fields to language packs in .1 releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; by *add new fields* your refering to db fields... correct?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; "New message catalog keys" is what I understood.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no -- I'm referring to adding brand new 'key=value' pairs in i18n.  As soon as we add new i18n pairs, we break all our existing language packs in that area (i.e. we require updates to all"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I've never been under the impression that we couldn't add new fields to the language packs incrementally.  Sounds like your referring to making code changes in 1.7.1 that would require new fields to be present in lang-packs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, if we suddenly added 5 new catalog keys in 1.7.1, we'd have to make sure *all* of our existing language packs were updated to translate those keys.  That's not really considered a "bug fix" in my opinion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We need a standing "translators" team and some tools to help them know when there is work to be done.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so, in your opinion its a question of translation work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- that's *exactly* what I was referring to.  If you look at the context of my initial comments, I was talking about <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-673">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-673</a> , which adds *new code* that *requires new catalog keys*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; wheras, thats why I implemented the async release of lang packs, to enable incremental contributions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; right, but what I'm saying is that we don't want to require our translators to retranslate every time we do a new .1 release.  Because translation work takes time, we don't want it to break that easily</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so, 1.7.0.1 may add fields... to which translators would contribute changes commited to that langpack trunk, and then released as 1.7.0.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this was the original intent of the approach</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thus an addition of a i18n field would be addresss incrementally by those in the community that needed it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and we would not waste time translating fields that were not actually used</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or I mean... in languages that were not actually used</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think there's objection to a "bug fix" that's fixed in some languages but not (quite) in others.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok -- we've now taken this way off our path of JIRA discussions :) but that's OK.  we can stop where we were (though DS-674 still needs a volunteer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; By utilizing the above approach, your inviting the community to participate in the translation process specifically where it is needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; were the translations even verified before 1.7.0 released?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory, I think I disagree though, mostly because currently we *don't* have tools to ease in translation (if we did, that'd be another matter).  Personally, I'd like to see us stabilize (as much as we can) the i18n Keys during bug-fix releases, so that translators don't have to revisit past translation so frequently</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- I think you are missing my point / or we are talking across each other</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; actually using JIRA and release cycles would be the best tool for facilitation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tickets to update the translations are most welcome.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: translators are using JIRA -- the problem is more in terms of determining *what changed* in the i18n keys, and where the keys are now being used</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think the disagreement here is over whether localizations *should* be asynchronous.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; well, you can generate a report off the maven build that outlines the keys with translations that are missing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'll take DS-674 I'm somewhat working on it.. We'll need to reach a consensus on lang issues.. otherwise I'll commit to 1.7.x with hardcoded values, and trunk with messages-lang keys</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; actually, not entirely -- I think they should be asynchronous, but only asynchronous in terms of making *improvements* to past translations.  So, someone comes along and says that's a bad translation, and fixes it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, thanks PeterDietz -- assign DS-674 to PeterDietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; morning *, sorry for lateness</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I guess I don't see why Peter can't do both in 1.7.x a sane hardcoded default stored in the i18n, a release of langpacks could parallel 1.7.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, if others disagree on the i18n issue, we can discuss/vote on it.  This is just my opinion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is that localization skew report documented somewhere?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory: i didn't understand that last comment.  The only thing I'm disagreeing about is adding *new code* to a 1.7.1 which suddenly requires *new i18n keys*.   And, I'm only disagreeing, cause we've previously called 1.7.1 a "Bug-fix only" release, and I didn't consider this a "bug fix"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 674 sounds like a bug to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: its part of the pom in dspace-api-lang, but  not part of dspace-xmlu-api-lang</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: all good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok..so, I guess we can continue? :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: hmmm... sorry apparently that was commented out of the pom entirely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt;  &lt;!-- Breaks build because Messages.properties isn't stored here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt;         </span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok... continue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. moving on for now.  We can revisit i18n more if needed (i don't know if we came to an agreement there, or if that was just mdiggory and I not understanding one another)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* alxp (~alxp@PC044.ROBLIB.UPEI.CA) Quit (Quit: alxp)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; a few announcements:  1.8.0 tentative timeline &amp; (very) tentative feature listing are now up on: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.8.0+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.8.0+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If you have more features you are working on, please add to that list, or to JIRA (or both).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Also, I added a new "How To Contribute Ideas or Suggest New Features" section to this page: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/HowToContribute">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/HowToContribute</a>   This is meant as a reference for community members on how to put in requests for new features</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: just a difference of opinion there... lets keep moving</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; *comments/suggestions/changes/improvements are welcome* -- and you don't need to provide them now, feel free to take time to review and make changes/suggestions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next general topic:  Seems like the 1.7.x branch is getting some activity in SVN.  Which likely implies a 1.7.1 sometime in the next month or so.  Anyone have thoughts on that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; as per: Make your request known to DSpace Developers, I think our habit has been to close jira tickets for new functionality without a patch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- no, that's not correct actually. We have many open "feature requests" in JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; No patch + we can't quite see what the poster is getting at + looming release date usually means postponement, not closure.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood is right -- we postpone all the time.  But, we only close requests if we think they are "off the wall" or don't understand the need at all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's the list of all currently open New Feature requests: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+status+%3D+Open+and+issuetype%3D%22New+Feature%22+ORDER+BY+issuetype+DESC%2C+priority+DESC">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+status+%3D+Open+and+issuetype%3D%22New+Feature%22+ORDER+BY+issuetype+DESC%2C+priority+DESC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; What's fixed in 1_7_x so far?  Anything urgent enough to force release soon?  Enough weight of less-urgent fixes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I have a fix to apply - in Item.java: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-806">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-806</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; From what I've seen so far, it looks like the 1.7.x fixes have been minor so far</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and I was about to link to DS-806 too, but stuartlewis beat me to it.  That's the only semi-major fix I've seen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Per 1.8.0 I think we need a concerted effort to begin to identify best practices for the architecture of new functionality in DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- sounds good, but we need someone to lead the "concentrated effort" or kick us off with some proposed best practices.  Could make for a good Special Topic meeting or two</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This would basically be a list of do's and don't's</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; right mdiggory -- and someone needs to start that list, is all I'm saying, or propose that list (with examples when needed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, I guess since I opened by big mouth... I've basically volunteered ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep :) assigned to mdiggory -- proposed best practices for new functionality, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'm assuming I will create something round/about here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/HowToContribute">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/HowToContribute</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other thoughts on 1.7.1?  stuartlewis, I'm assuming that you feel DS-806 would require a semi-quick release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- actually, better would be to create it around here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/ContributionGuidelines">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/ContributionGuidelines</a> (that's the contribution guidelines for New Code)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; In that list would something like: new functionality would also have an associated test package src/test/java/org/dspace/package/NewFunctionalityTest.java</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; I'd like to see that JS validation included by 1.8.0.  I'll try to look into that some.  mhwood, lmk if you come across anything for your fix of that issue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, expanding on <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/ContributionGuidelines">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/ContributionGuidelines</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Not necessarily. It seems a nasty little bug, but it has been there for many versions (ever since we added multiple metadata schema support I suspect) and no one has noticed it to date.  So I don't think we need to rush out a release just for that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Having said that, I think we're getting the message that the community like to see a x.y.1 for confidence, so perhaps would be good to get one out sometime.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz +1  -- I agree, we should make it best practice to start doing JUnit testing -- I've been bad about that as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; tdonohue: you and 80% of the developers in the world (myself included)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; we either need to retrain the community, or just call our first beta x.y.0, so that the final release can be x.y.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis -- yea, even if DS-806 didn't necessitate quick release, it seems like we're starting to build up a set of small fixes worth putting out -- it's just a matter of whether we try to rush something out soon (in few weeks to a month) or wait for a while longer (2-3months?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Maybe sooner, so we can start working on 1.8 in earnest?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; in the web seminar tomorrow, I'm saying something about the caveat of waiting for 1.7.1, as there is the possibility of 1.8.0 happening before 1.7.1, in which case there would be no 1.7.1 being released</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 2mo. of fixes is probably enough for a x.y.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well, we can do both simultaneously -- we have both 1.7.1 and 1.8 going now (in branch &amp; trunk).  I don't think we need to wait on 1.8 at all -- we can start now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory just created <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Architectural+Best+Practices">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Architectural+Best+Practices</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs&gt; I suggest looking at a release end of Feb / start of Mar for 1.7.1 (little bit of time to get some more fixes), or not at all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok.  sounds like no one is in a rush.  we could tentatively say we'll think about a 1.7.1 in late Feb / early Mar.  I won't announce anything right now -- so, it could still be possible we'd not do a 1.7.1 unless we end up with a bigger issue, or lots of small ones we really want to push out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I'd recommend a release sometime around May to leave some room for further bugs to get caught</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but prior to OR11 to be able to announce there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Can always do 1.7.2 if needed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- we'll just revisit in Feb &amp; we can always change things then.  the key here is that it sounds like we've found nothing significant so far which warrants an immediate 1.7.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; speaking of releases... will the community ever "decommission" a release from being supported, we seem to do that intrinsically by not doing any further minor releases on the previous major version.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, noticing we're at time here.  But, I wanted to ask.  Thoughts on a Special Topic Mtg in next few weeks?  Anyone have anything they'd like to discuss in more depth?  Some "bigger topics" are listed in agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-01-26">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-01-26</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- yea, that's never really been formalized, but we generally still offer support all the time on older releases (1.3.2 and the like) on dspace-tech.  But, it's generally know that you are better off if you stick to more recent releases.  We could formalize this though, if we wanted to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Metadata cleanup, revamp, DCValue removal?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; Ideas on Javascript Validation / AJAX back-end supporting classes?  :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; (one-track mind)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'll just note that while DS-785 / DSCR-11 might not be *urgent*, they might be showstoppers for users wanting to start trying Discovery out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm always a proponent of DVCS/git. Also deprecated code like DCValue should be removed/replaced</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; so it'd be nice to have them fixed in a release kinda soon...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; (that (validation) might be best on dspace-dev.  i'll worry about it there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; +1 for the git conversation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; +1 for the services/slf/sword problem being fixed in 1.7.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, sounds like we have +2 for both Git &amp; Metadata discussions soonish</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sandsfish: AJAX work may also get precipitated in some of our client work... but we certainly welcome more hands in Mirage</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd -- thanks for reminding of DS-785, that could be a bigger fix for a 1.7.1.  Once it is fixed, feel free to suggest a 1.7.1 in very near future</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; sandsfish: i'm all for some nice ajax helper stuff, including validation, as long as we remember that it's client-side validation and so cannot ever be trusted ;) [in terms of security/server behaviour]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; For @mire we need to be careful about the jquery versioning across our modules now that we've contributed the core library to dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stuartlewis: did you guys make any process on the slf issue?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jefftrimble (~jefftrimb@pool-70-20-65-250.pitbpa.east.verizon.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; process = progress</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, for a Git special topics meetings, I'd prefer if someone else led the meeting (looking around, towards OSU).  I'm not very Git-savvy yet...so, when we schedule that is based on when someone else wants to lead it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; ksheperd: noted, mdiggory: understood.  i'm guessing as long as we work with the currently included version, things should be fine, yes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: no progress beyond what i've commented in JIRA... still a bit lost in the dspace services/kernel angle to it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; tdonohue, I'm happy to lead the git meeting, however, I can't lead next weekend, as have a conflicting baby-ultrasound</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- ok, maybe Feb 9 or Feb 16?  It's up to you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- you can always get back to me on that as well...no rush right now, would just like to get it scheduled</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; both of those dates work for me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; so perhaps the sooner the better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok -- let's say "Git Special Topic Mtg will be on Feb 9".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sandsfish Yea, we will adapt anytime theres improvement... we like to see it coming ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; will do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, we'll close up meeting.  Feel free to continue discussions.  I'll stick around for a while as well!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kshepherd: can you remind me of that ticket again...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-785">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-785</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: and <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DSRV-11">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DSRV-11</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; in subsequent testing, it seemed like other ingest methods would trigger it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; rolling back slf4j versions fixed those, but sword still doesn't work for some reason</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so does sword need slf4j 1.5.6?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; By the way -- just saw a note from Jeff Trimble.  If anyone is interested in joining an eventual 'Documentation Team' (helping manage/edit docs, but won't need to write them all, obviously), please get in touch with myself or Jeff.  We'd like to get this team started ASAP.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: it doesn't use slf4j at all, afaik</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; which confused me more.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; so, after rolling back to 1.5.5, the issue might not be with slf4j at all. whatever the case, enabling the discovery event consumer means no sword deposits</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'll test more next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so, it sounds like direct debugging in sword needs to happen to determine where the break occurs.  Is sword even starting up, or is it in executing the Event Manager</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; mdiggory: see the last stack trace in DS-785 comments... probably means more to you than me! ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; While I'm thinking about it, does anyone believe that requiring certificates on a user account should prevent them from using user/pass login via SWORD?  We came across this the other day and it felt like a bug to me (considering there's no cert auth via SWORD possible).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Does sword use the authentication stack?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yes it does.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; brb - coffee time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; (at least I'm 99% sure it does)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I thought SWORD cannot fully use the auth stack, as it only supports HTTP basic auth??  but, maybe I'm wrong?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; kshepherd ok, smells like we really need unit testing on the individual webapps to be able to catch these issues before they happen in the future.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; hm, ok, well it sounds at least like there's some questions to be answered.  i'll try to dig a little deeper.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;sandsfish&gt; cheers all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yea, it looks like SWORD uses its own authenticator -- org.dspace.sword.SWORDAuthenticator</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* sandsfish braces for the ft. of snow that's starting to fall.  </span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@c-24-60-203-182.hsd1.ma.comcast.net) Quit (Quit: sandsfish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh wait -- looks like I'm wrong.  SWORDAuthenticator loads the DSpace AuthenticationManager and the auth stack.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (5229fe8f@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.254.143) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* alxp (~aoneill@blk-30-155-121.eastlink.ca) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* alxp (~aoneill@blk-30-155-121.eastlink.ca) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* alxp (~aoneill@blk-30-155-121.eastlink.ca) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:18]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* neanlos (~neanlos@190.144.163.85) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-65-246.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-100.west.biz.rr.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: grahamtriggs)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-39-65-246.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (80ce8882@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.136.130) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ianthe (~ianthe@cowu.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
