<span class="irc-date">[1:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@216.30.189.241) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* benoitg (~benoitg@173.246.5.94) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* eddies (~eddies@unaffiliated/eddies) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@216.30.189.241) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@216.30.189.241) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sbayliss (bcde58ad@gateway/web/freenode/ip.188.222.88.173) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Disconnected.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-verne.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@216.30.189.241) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bradmc (~bradmc@137.54.31.232) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* benoitg (~benoitg@173.246.5.94) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* benoitg (~benoitg@173.246.5.94) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.25.122) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.25.122) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.59.30) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs (~trig01@62.189.56.2) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish_ (~sandsfish@18.111.59.30) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.59.30) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish_ is now known as sandsfish</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* benoitg (~benoitg@173.246.5.94) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* benoitg (~benoitg@173.246.5.94) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* benoitg (~benoitg@173.246.5.94) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* benoitg (~benoitg@173.246.5.94) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* benoitg (~benoitg@173.246.5.94) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bradmc (~bradmc@137.54.31.232) Quit (Quit: bradmc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:42]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.59.30) Quit (Quit: sandsfish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* snail (~yeatesst@130.195.179.88) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* snail (~yeatesst@130.195.179.88) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.25.122) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs1 (~Graham@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@adsl-99-162-50-38.dsl.ipltin.sbcglobal.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (522921b0@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.33.176) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* JRhoads (~jrhoads@160.10.15.22) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@sul272peter.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Reminder all, Special Topics Mtg today for our DSpace Developer Mtg (starts in about 10min).  If you haven't already, please review the wiki pages linked from the agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-05-04+-+Async+Releases+and+Trunk+Reorg">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-05-04+-+Async+Releases+and+Trunk+Reorg</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2011-05-04 - Async Releases and Trunk Reorg - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-05-04+-+Async+Releases+and+Trunk+Reorg">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-05-04+-+Async+Releases+and+Trunk+Reorg</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bojans (~Bojmen@91-118-63-172.dynamic.adsl-line.inode.at) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C15567.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@207.138.47.158) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi All, it's that time again.  Today's meeting is a Special Topics Mtg on Async Releases &amp; Trunk Reorg: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-05-04+-+Async+Releases+and+Trunk+Reorg">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-05-04+-+Async+Releases+and+Trunk+Reorg</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2011-05-04 - Async Releases and Trunk Reorg - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-05-04+-+Async+Releases+and+Trunk+Reorg">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-05-04+-+Async+Releases+and+Trunk+Reorg</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I just added several *questions for each of us to answer* to the top of our agenda.  This is what I'd like to go through today, to try and keep the discussion on track and moving along</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, without further ado, my first question for everyone is this:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1. What are your responses to each of these ideas/proposals? Do you have  questions/concerns, agree/disagree, or have alternative ideas?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; the proposals I'm referring to are the ideas from mdiggory &amp; I around Async releases &amp; trunk Reorg: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Asynchronous+Release">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Asynchronous+Release</a> and <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Asynchronous+Release+-+Alternative+Option">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Asynchronous+Release+-+Alternative+Option</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Asynchronous Release - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Asynchronous+Release">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Asynchronous+Release</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Wow, that'll take me quite a bit of time to respond to ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Asynchronous Release - Alternative Option - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Asynchronous+Release+-+Alternative+Option">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Asynchronous+Release+-+Alternative+Option</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs1&gt; I have three main concerns that I want to see satisfied:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, i realize this is a big question, but it's a place to start</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs1&gt; 1) The effort involved in rolling an 'official' release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-96-237-109-32.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory hand the mike to grahamtriggs1 ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, I still want to know how to respond when someone asks me which version of DSpace I'm running, if a dozen bits all have their own versions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs1&gt; 2) visibility of ALL the code that goes into an official release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1 visibility of all code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sure, lets all start with handing mike to grahamtriggs1 and his concerns</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (80cea2c6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.162.198) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs1&gt; 3) the ability / effort involved in creating 'source drops' or local backups of the official release code, that as an implementor we use as the basis of a providing a service</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Can you expand on point 3? Dont quite understand</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; (1) Rolling the release involves releasing or using currently released versions of all included modules.  The release process would still be similar, but the code would come from multiple locations.  I assume we should be able to attain a distribution that still carries all the source in its current form...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; as anassembly process</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i agree with robint -- don't understand #3 point entirely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; though, I would personally shy away from it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; which also clarifies (2)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs1&gt; ok, if you were creating a customized version of an open source project, 'best practise' is to take the base code and create a tagged 'vendor drop' in your local source repository (see SVN book on vendor drops)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; likewise, releases should depend entirely on MAven Central repository Releases and as such, the javadoc and source jars should be released in concert with modules release processes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; grahamtriggs: ok, understood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; as for grahamtriggs #1 point, I agree with the concern around avoiding making releases too complex.  I wouldn't want a release coodinator to *ever* have to perform releasing of many different modules one-by-one before he/she could package up the formal release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs1&gt; even if you aren't customizing, it's still good practice to maintain a 'local' copy of the source code that you were working with (just in case anything ever happened with the main repository, or you had to deal with a period without internet access from your dev environment, etc.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; To be clear, we don't actually use vendor branching in @mire. So we do not have a need there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I also now understand #3, thanks grahamtriggs1.  I thought you were talking about "vendor drops" but it wasn't clear at first</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We do vendor branching here, however.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I used to do vendor branching at U of Illinois -- so I am aware that many folks do vendor branching</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We tried putting our modified JSPs in local/ or whatever and the upgrade was awful.  I am so thankful to have tools to help me keep the merging straight.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Likewise, I used it at MIT, but moved us away from it when Maven was adopted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, one thing I will state is that my concerns parallel graham's, especially his #1 (minimizing release effort) and #2 (ensuring all code is visible).  I still don't quite grasp mdiggory's answers to either of these</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We focused on getting away from low level sourcecode management as a means to support a production instance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; And I continued that model into @mire</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Re. point 1, my understanding of mdiggory proposal is that in some respects a 'dspace project' release would in some respects be simpler in that unchanged modules would not be released eg. LNI ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; likewise, tdonohue I recall you moved IDEALS away from that approach as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs1&gt; I think avoiding low level sourcecode management is a good thing in general - but I still see it as beneficial to base off of your own copy of the source / artifacts. It means you can incorporate - or develop - solutions to local problems ahead of them being available in an 'official' release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; But even though my position differs from Graham, I do support is right to have vendor branching options available</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so, its sounds like we need to consider the two cases as requirements</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; robint: correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think the vendor drop/branching thing is something that is not really the *root* question here (would like to set that aside for now, unless others disagree). I feel that Graham's #1 and #2 questions are some of the *root* concerns here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; robint: but even more-so, if you don't want LNI in your release you can disable it without carrying around all its code...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (i.e. we can figure out vendor drop/branching later -- it seems "solvable" once we figure out the other questions)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think what we wind up with is a tree of releases.  Each project releases to the projects that use it.  At the top is "DSpace", whatever that is now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There was discussion on #dspace the other day about "project" releases and "product" releases.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: that is true... and we do need to assure that the source for the all the parts is readily available and resolvable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, to counter robint's point -- what if we added new features to DSpace that now need to "bubble up" to most every UI.  Does that mean a *separate* one-by-one release of XMLUI, then JSPUI, then SWORD or LNI (if affected), then finally the full release?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but that doesn't mean having to build it everytime you build deploy dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ah, source visibility...I hate looking into a stack dump and wondering, org.dspace.whozit.Thing...where is that...it's not *anywhere*!  [thinks for a while] Oh, yeah, it's probably in another module that I don't even have loaded into Eclipse.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Actually tdonohue I had a similar quetion for you :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: m2eclipse and IDEA will resolve those sources for you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; as long as theya re in the maven repo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And as long as my IDE even has them checked out somewhere.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mdiggory: but they wont appear in searches etc in your IDE</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; unless they are checked out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Exactly!  "Go there...show me" doesn't work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: I assume this is a dependencyManagement issue in maven, where the appropriate versions of dependencies would be defined and adusted for the "Product Release"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs1&gt; but the issue of whether you 'carry' the source code of an unwanted project is only really an issue in the vendor drop scenario, and doesn't have much to do with sync / async releases...  as in, I can do a sync release of all projects, deploying the artifacts to Maven central, but an implementor is only going to pull back the ones that they've got referenced in their local assembly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; robint: it depends on how you tailor your search, IDAE does traverse the maven sources</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mdiggory: Ah, looks like I need to do some homework</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs1: so that suggests a source assembly from maven source artifacts</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that would be the output for a vendor drop...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (80cea2c6@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.162.198) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory ?? not sure I understand your answer to my question. my point is *someone* has to release a new version of each UI (or each project/module that is affected when there's a core API change). So, if 10 modules are affected, does that somehow mean the RC is doing 10+ releases rather than 1?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; No, they release when they are ready.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs1: but I already know what your going to say... how did you know I would knock over the vase?... sorry, what about the versionhistory...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: Would that not be the case in the case of a project release in your alt proposal ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood - so, define "ready" (undergone a testathon?  or they release *after* the core release?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; The modules are only going to be referenced as dependencies, rather than living in trunk, so would need to be individually released (I think)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint -- yea, I'm actually also pointing out flaws that would also affect my alt proposal -- I just feel my alt proposal decreases the number of maximum releases at once to ~5-6, instead of many more</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: I guess the question is how much should the release process act as a shepherd for less popular subprojects?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; When the LNI packaging team thinks LNI version.next is good enough for general realease, they release it.  Next time the "boxed DSpace" team is building a release they try using this latest version, and if it works well, that's the one they package.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs1&gt; IDEs resolving the deployed source for a deployed artifact is not a sufficient answer to the question of visibility. The issue is not just about whether you can debug into the code, but whether anyone is looking over it before it's released.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It shouldn't be the "shepherd for *less popular* projects".  But, it *should* be the shepherd for our core projects -- and if we separate into 10+ core projects, than that's still 10+ releases one-by-one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Why one-by-one?  Why all 10, if only 3 changed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mhwood: depends, in mdiggory  proposal it wouldn't be released in a project release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: your question is also answered in the Domain Model work... where the webapp relies on the API contract, which is published less often, while the assembly and integration test relies on the more apt to change implementation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so, no, LNI wouldn't need to be migrated to dspace-api-x.x, because thats mediated in assembly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If only 3 changes, than you are safe. I'm saying if we suddenly make a change to 'dspace-api' that needs to "bubble up" (and affects everything), then we've just made the RC's job on release day a lot harder</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Breaking contracts is a major version.  That doesn't happen very often, and we can sneak up on it if the work is organized well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; perhaps we would need modules release coordinators to delegate the responsiblity...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I'll note we have a hard enough time finding a single release coordinator sometimes -- how are we going to find modules release coordinators for each module?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we already coordinate the release of dspace-services.... and learned some important requirements from Stuart Lewis / SWORD in the recent releases....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; also, how do we ensure that each module is *well tested* for each and every release?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Run the test suite?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; namely that it is best to rely on dspace-services SNAPSHOTS in the trunk to verify the integration prior to release, that may be a better example than a webapp</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; what test suite? (he asks slyly -- oh, sure, we have some minimal tests, but most modules have none)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; dspace-services releases have their own suite of unit tests that it conforms to and has to pass in its releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs1&gt; additional to tdonohue's point - how do we ensure various combinations of different module versions are "well tested". And how do we express what is qualified to work with each other?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, however, other projects have not gotten as much attention of late.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Backtracking for a moment, is there a demand as yet for async releases ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I've been working to extend the existing test suite into the module addons so it can be run there as well... we need more UI /business logic tests (another reason to promote PeterDietz's activities</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; As yet nothing is commited for 1.8 and we are already in May</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs1 +1 unit tests are not always good at testing that modules will continue to "work well with others"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; robint: What is working on still needs more stabilization before I commit it... (i.e. Domain Model work)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That's called "integration test"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Which we don't have yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; right, and we don't have "integration tests" yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thats right...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We need to get our infrastructure in place before we charge over the async. release hill.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint +1 as well -- in some ways, I understand the need for some async (like avoiding having to release *all* UIs in a final release perhaps), but what is the real use case. How truly "async" do we need to be, or is it enough to just async release the UIs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; UIs are a good place to start.  Then we evaluate the experience.  If we see benefit in doing more, we do more.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We can almost get out of the Async release bind with Domain Model and Legacy Services... the original problem that cause the async release to emerge was a need for dspace-stats and dspace-discovery to rely on a released version of dspace-api while being used by a released version of dspace-xmlui-api.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; this meant that to roll the release, we had to copy the source into the trunk...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; while what was really wanted by myself and others was to keep it in modules, release it there and have the trunk depend on it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; releasing the api separately and having external dspace-stats and dspace-discovery depend on it, the dspace-api version and dspace-xmlui-api versions can "slide freely" underneath it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs1&gt; tdonohue: I'm not so convinced about the need for async release for UIs either. I mean, it can exist for 'unblessed' projects (such as it kind of does for webmvc in it's current state). But any UI that we badge as 'supported', people are going to expect to be released at the same time as the other projects.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; because it doesn't actually depend on them...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, twisting the question slightly:  Would others agree that Async releasing of UIs *only* initially would be a good to try?   Does this still throw up red flags for some?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and grahamtriggs1 already answered my question -- what about others? what do you think?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, there's "released for integration" and "released to manufacturing".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I havn't pushed async release of the UI because its not a priority for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: do you mean _multi_ releasing or releasing over time (asynch)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* barmintor (barmintor@specdl11.cul.columbia.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its the supporting addons and service that I'm pushing using it for</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers -- I mean something similar to what I wrote up in my 'alt' proposal.  Releasing the UIs in multiple during a full release, but having the *ability* to release them entirely separately as we see fit (for bug fixes, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So if we just rip the signatures off of dspace-api into a separate project full of interfaces, does that do what you want?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: that would concern me at this time. For users the UI is the app, so a new XMLUI is a release for them. Try explaining that its just an async release of one module</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hmm...good point, robint</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; robint:  try telling them here's a new release of XMLUI with these nifty improvements *and you don't have to upgrade the rest of DSpace to use it*.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: its helps, but theres still a need for a means to get at the static CRUD methods... which requires the "Legacy" implementation of Repository/DAO services to support calling those methods.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and theres a need to extract a bit of XMLUI / Coocon Transformer support from dspace-xmlui-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and creat api around that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mhwood: touche :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs1&gt; mdiggory: but the problem with dspace-stats / dspace-discovery is that you are making the UI release depend on something that you are trying to manage as being an optional module. Either it *is* required, and therefore should be in trunk, or it's optional, which leaves it up to an end user to add the support to the UI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: robint: if our minor release cycles stipulate clear backward compatibility in configuration and api contracts... yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you could do that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Seems I'm always having this conversation:  I want to break a big complex job into small easy stages and someone else keeps gathering it all back together.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs1: not scalable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, what if we turn this around another way. "What belongs in main Trunk?" (i.e. what *really should* be released together all at once, synchronously), and "what really could/should exist 'outside' trunk (and therefore have the ability for async release, though not required)?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; First, please don't call it Trunk.  If we have twenty projects then there are twenty trunks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs1&gt; mdiggory: why? it's either required, or it's optional. Optional can grow as much as it likes. Required we need to keep a close check on.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; for lack of a better term, I called it "main trunk", mhwood -- if you have something better feel free :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've been thinking of it as "boxed DSpace" or the like.  Something shorter needed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Anyway, the answer to your question is difficult, because the minimum includes one UI but not any particular one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I suppose it doesn't have to.  That package could be "headless".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea -- that's what I was wondering and asking myself -- could it be "headless", and just be a "core set of API modules"?  Or is at least one UI required there?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; we should not forget there is great adopter value to whole (tested) systems, not bags of components</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs1: I'm not going to reiterate the scalability concerns in scaling up a community on one svn repository trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* keithgilbertson (~keithgilb@207.138.47.158) Quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: its actually the "dspace-core" api contracts that need to reside outside the "main trunk" and the Legacy Service implementations that need to reside inside the trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers +1 yea, most of our user base of 1,000+ institutions really just wants a whole (tested) system, and doesn't care about getting things async (unless maybe it's easy to install add-ons, which are not at all part of out-of-the-box DSpace)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: to make the proposed domain model actually work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; One UI is requred to have something useful.  ("UI" to me includes e.g. SWORD, and the REST thingy when it ships.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I don't much care about the rest of trunk moving out these days... specifically I want to get those things that were in modules back into the modules management space</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; dspace-discovery dspace-stats, dspace-services and the future dspace-core api contracts</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But that doesn't have to be the way it's acquired.  Unpack the core and your choice of UI(s).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; all need to not be deadlocked to the release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs1&gt; mdiggory: firstly, I don't get your point here. *only* the required stuff would need to be in 'one trunk'. Everything else can be wherever the hell it likes - but we can't include dependencies on it in the release. That's what it means to be optional. Secondly, making this an issue of SVN scalability is pre-empting the discussion about dvcs - if we were talking Git / GitHub, it completely changes the picture in dev</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stats and discovery are optional</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I look to models like eclipse - essentially all components - that offer a small number of hardened, tested configurations....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you can turn them on and off</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs1&gt; then there shouldn't be any references to them in the releases - it's up to end users to configure them. If you want them in the release, then they need to be treated as required (even if they can be disabled / re-configured)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; dspace-services and core are not optional, but need to be released separate from the trunk for optinal addons to depend on fixed release numbers that would be used/incremented in trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; but with the ability *also* to grab add-ons as needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs1: I just do not agree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 there's two definitions of "required":    #1 "required" in that they are required to install (wheher you use them or not), and #2 "required" in that you cannot turn them off</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Our code shouldn't be so fragile that it depends on specific fixed releases of supporting code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: bingo</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* JRhoads (~jrhoads@160.10.15.22) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: depends on how well the supporting code is maintained</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if ti changes dramatically over time, yea, it needs to be fixed releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If it breaks contracts then that's a new major release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; yes, if the project is managed well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If it doesn't break contracts, old dependents should still work with new dependencies or the code is bad.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We can't control how e.g. log4j is managed but we *do* control how the bits of DSpace are managed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, any counter proposals here, or agreement/disagreement with what either mdiggory or I have proposed previously?  Or are we still "not necessarily on the same page"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs1&gt; richardrodgers: you can always edit your pom and add the dependencies to it. We could have a 'pom generation script' that asks the questions and creates the pom that you'll use combining the released pom with information it's gleaned about available modules. What we can't have is a spaghettie mess of dependencies between the 'release' and the optional modules.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I find mdiggory proposal coherent and in some respects attractive, but there is a price in complexity and I still need to be convinced of the immediate need</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs1: thats called an archetype... and we can make a multimodule one...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so it sounds like robint is close to a +1 for mdiggory's ideas (maybe at a +0.5)...others have thoughts here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; grahamtriggs1: I agree that there is avoidable complexity in how we manage deps today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think there's still some support for "none of the above".  I'm undecided myself.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: not yet :) I dont really see the need as yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that's "undecided" for mhwood.  others?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Undecided.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Would like to see a demo of it all working in action.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'm a prototype-*then*-vote kind of person</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Can developers all get what they need if we pull projects off the main release train one at a time?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Are we referring to the Domain Model work ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; richardrodgers: +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I would be happy to see the refactoring of dspace-api continue but I'm not yet commited to moving code out to modules directory</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Demoing can work, but it requires a bit of branching a prototype and actually releasing it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis -- demo of which parts? how to do a release async?  or something else?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yeah - an async release done for some small part, so we can see it working.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Like Richard says, a prototype.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I've tried to keep all the actual dspace-api changes to a bare minimum of class signatures</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm in favor of async, unsure of implementation specifics. I think it would be wise to prune DSpace/DSpace (aka minified trunk) down to just the bare necessities (so I'm thinking just dspace-api + poms). From there you can wire in the project you do want to use (xmlui, sword, oai, xmlui, rest-api, jspui, webmvc, lni)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; PeterDietz: I"m not convinced, nor have I been in the past with the proposal, that we would need to exclude source that currently in the main trunk from being there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. Sounds like most are in the "undecided about async -- we'd like to see a demo/prototype first" camp.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; gotta go - interesting discussion, thanks all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ouside of wanting to take discovery and stats back into the modules workspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-96-237-109-32.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; PeterDietz: a minified trunk would/could just be svn/repo/dspace/trunk/dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; by default maven can fetch your &lt;modules&gt; from released maven repository, so most likely the latest available, unless you've locked down specifically to a certain version. alternatively, you could tell it to use another directory for module.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory, are you working on any sort of "prototype" of your async ideas? or willing to do so? (or is this work just happening as part of 1.8 stuff?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its on 1.8 at the moment because I'm working locally on it via installation only</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I was thinking that minified trunk would be [dspace-source]/dspace too. Perhaps that can be the agreed baseline, then seperate dspace into modules for everything.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Per all this talk around "minified trunk".  I think it's good to think about, but I'd warn that we probably should also think about ways to "package up a release" such that it can be installed *without* maven. See DS-802</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-802">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-802</a> ] - [#DS-802] Create a DSpace &amp;quot;Installer&amp;quot; which doesn't require users to build DSpace using Maven and Ant - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; PeterDietz: think about the maven-release plugin... see where it tags the releases if you were to run it individually in a [dspace-src]/dspace-xxx project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you'll immediately see that "dspace-parent" needs to go awa y for it to work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, don't confuse "minified trunk" with "have our users install UIs via Maven" ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the release order would be something like dspace-api, dspace-stats, dspace-xmlui-api, dspace-discovery, ....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes we're over time here...sorry to run long again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the release tag location would be identicial to the current tags</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Order?  That's not asynchronous.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: you stickler</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but the releases would have different numbering schemes /naming</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bojans (~Bojmen@91-118-63-172.dynamic.adsl-line.inode.at) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; At this point, it sounds like next steps are:  (1) See if mdiggory or tdonohue or others can prototype/demo some sort of async process for review.  (2) Continue to brainstorm these ideas amongst ourselves or write up proposals on wiki for discussion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; One of the reasons I'm not prototyping it in a branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but... hey maybe it would be good to try</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If you have to head out -- feel free. I don't have anything else on the agenda today, but I'll stick around as long as others want to chat</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (i.e. consider official meeting closed, but feel free to hang around for "unofficial" chat)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'll see what I can do with git filter-branch. It lets you split a folder into seperate project with own history.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I wonder if someone could distill this session... theres two/three conversations happening at any one point in the chat</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, mdiggory, do we want to set up a place where we can do some "async" testing/demos?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* barmintor (barmintor@specdl11.cul.columbia.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- to distill.  I think most are still "undecided on the benefits/usefulness of async".  We need one or more of us to demostrate how it would work, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: I've been tempted to explore using Githhub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; continued distilling: Unresolved issues remain as well -- there were concerns voiced about "visibility of code" which I'm not sure were fully answered during the discussion, but are worth further thinking about as we go forward</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've been wondering about that "get rid of dspace-parent" thing.  It's always coupled with creating a new project and sounds like we're just moving things around in some namespace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; maybe PeterDietz could hold our hands through how to get individual projects there... though we need to switch the pom.xml settings to capture new git locations for source and release branching... that would be a good excercise</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- sure, I'd be willing to try and chip in on some async demo work in github (be a good excuse for me to get more familiar with it as well)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: its mostly attempting to put it under [dspacesrc]/dspace/pom.xml instead...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; does maven ever touch svn code? (aside from performing release)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- no. just during the release processes, when it does svn tagging, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; no, just in release, and it should support git instead of svn</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Tutorial by the good Time O'Brien <a href="http://www.sonatype.com/people/2009/09/maven-tips-and-tricks-using-github/">http://www.sonatype.com/people/2009/09/maven-tips-and-tricks-using-github/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Sonatype Blog  Maven Tips and Tricks: Using GitHub ] - <a href="http://www.sonatype.com/people/2009/09/maven-tips-and-tricks-using-github/">http://www.sonatype.com/people/2009/09/maven-tips-and-tricks-using-github/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Time = tim</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So the parent becomes a sibling?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood looks for a way to stuff a recording of "I'm My Own Grandpa" into IRC.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; dspace-pom becomes the parent...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and its released separately</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Got to go, thanks all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (522921b0@gateway/web/freenode/ip.82.41.33.176) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so that all builds can depend on dspace-pom freely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; See, that's where I lose the thread.  We abolish the parent and then we create a new parent.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; without it being present in the distro</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Mainly it will just be dspace-minified (which is [dspace-source]/dspace).. wait now I'm confused</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; we liberate the parent from being released with the release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This is how many many Maven multimodule projects work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; where does dspace-api live, and how should dspace-minified live without it?.. i guess it pulls api in through pom</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; including Maven itself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; ok, so dspace-min is very very basic, probably no java files</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; depends on if you want it or not... svn co <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/dspace">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/dspace</a> dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Revision 6366: /dspace/trunk/dspace ] - <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/dspace">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/dspace</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; svn co <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/dspace-api">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/dspace-api</a> dspace-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Probably why I have never yet figured out how to build Cocoon 2.2 from source.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Revision 6366: /dspace/trunk/dspace-api ] - <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/dspace-api">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/dspace-api</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; cd dspace; mvn package;</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; you now have dspace-api built on your release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; dspace-api has lot of java files, gets connected to dspace-min as THE primary module of dspace-min.. (maybe you can replace dspace-api with some exotic thought of mdiggory's such as dspace-dao)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; exotic... I"m trying to decide if thats a compliment ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; but yes, spot on...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue thinks this discussion needs a writeup somewhere -- getting a bit confused myself on what exactly the hierarchy / SVN structure is that is being discussed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1 to that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I actually did not change any hierarchy just then... you can do it in the tags too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; its works better there because the dspace-parent is actually released</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Then. People like Ohio State, who use xmlui as their primary UI, will have to have dspace-min/pom.xml have a module entry for xmlui. This fetches xmlui from maven repos</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; what/where is 'dspace-min' then?  is it [dspace-src] or [dspace-src]/dspace/ or something else entirely?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if we had bamboo doing interim deployments of snapshots... I'd feel safer saying it about trunk</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we can reconfigure bamboo --it's there as a tool for us to do with as we see fit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; [dspace-src] becomes a misnomer. It implies it contains source code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/dspace">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/dspace</a> = dspace-min = dspace-release-XXX.zip</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Revision 6366: /dspace/trunk/dspace ] - <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/dspace">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/dspace</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; so I guess maybe the thinking change to [dspace-main] == dspace-min</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; This is not a new construct, we use it int he release distro...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, see you are changing hierarchy terms then :)  Hence, my request for a writeup, so that I could make sure I understand what exactly is changing and what is not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; dspace-min has pom entries for all the modules</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Sorry...slight error on my part  dspace-release is at <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/</a> but excludes dspace-* projects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Revision 6366: /dspace/trunk ] - <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; so startes with dspace-parent pom at top... which I think confuses folks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That it does.  Changing down to a directory that then looks back up....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; if we excluded dspace-parent.pom from that release... then the user would traverse into dspace without much thought and build there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; sorry gotta run. I'll try to make some git modules to look at</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, no, then he's got a directory containing a bunch of directories, all containing pom.xml...which is *the* POM?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: trying to clear that issue up by having all build profiles be executed from <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/dspace">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/dspace</a> and merging dspace-parent logic into it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Revision 6366: /dspace/trunk/dspace ] - <a href="http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/dspace">http://scm.dspace.org/svn/repo/dspace/trunk/dspace</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and tdonohue thats where we should think about your profiles enabling specific modules in the build</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; The "god" pom should become what current is known as [dspace-source]/dspace/pom.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; That can be [dspace-min]/pom.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm probably only adding to confusion. So, see you later all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C15567.access.telenet.be) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; god pom is more like... dspace-pom.... Jesus Christ pom is more like dspace/pom.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; then you run into semantics of who is the father, and who is the child</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; God is in heaven... Jesus comes to earth to save us</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, starting to grasp what you mean now. Still think it might be worth a writeup though (even in JIRA), before jumping in and moving pom contents around ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; wow cannot believe I just said that in a logged channel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; DSpace could perhaps become the prototype of a pantheon. dspace-min is zeus. webmvc can be hermes because I'm hoping that its fast</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; dspace-lni can be Hades since nobody uses it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; We've got our new lightweight UI working now, and it's nice and fast :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hmmm, titans....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; PHP MVC (CodeIgniter) sitting on top of dspace-discovery solr index. No postgress access required.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; anyhow... the point is that your free to hack dspace/pom.xml while dspace-pom is strictly controlled.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stuartlewis: make my day...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; show me a link</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; congrats stuartlewis.. but for reals. I'm stepping away now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; No link yet - we'll demo at OR, and if people liek it, we'll move it to github or somewhere.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; It's not a DSpace UI per-se, but a themable 'collection viewer'</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; stuartlewis: JSON driven?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; xml from solr</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; But we could use the json instead.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; bah... danger will robinson... we are trying to keep that /solr url private to dspace...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; But why?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; It is a great integration point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; because its got sensitive stuff in it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; We only open it up to UI, not to the world.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; stuartlewis: any plans to share?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok ok...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; tdonohue: we'll demo at OR, and if people like it, we'll move it to github or somewhere.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; share first, apologize later (kidding) ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; want to get a proxy servlet wrapped around the solr webapp that can enforce access control filtering on it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; We've also written a small oaipmh proxy, so that the UI offers oaipmh that points harvesters back to it (proxies to dspace's oai-pmh interface)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; index workflows but filter on permissions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; definitely looking forward to that demo, stuartlewis...would like to see it in action.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Lots to think about, but now I must go.  Thanks, all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@adsl-99-162-50-38.dsl.ipltin.sbcglobal.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Screen shot of one of our collections: <a href="http://stuartlewis.com/si-nzais.jpg">http://stuartlewis.com/si-nzais.jpg</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Is anyone watching The Fascinator?  Seems to have come together quite nicely... something to consider</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; <a href="http://fascinator.usq.edu.au/">http://fascinator.usq.edu.au/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ The Fascinator ] - <a href="http://fascinator.usq.edu.au/">http://fascinator.usq.edu.au/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Will be interesting to see how it develops, now that Peter Sefton has left.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; thats news to me...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; me too (note: we're on a logged channel -- not sure if this is all public info or not?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; hes listed doingthe workshop at OR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Yep - all public.  Left a month or so ago.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; <a href="http://stuartlewis.com/si-nzais.jpg">http://stuartlewis.com/si-nzais.jpg</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; Whoops!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;stuartlewis&gt; I meant: <a href="http://ptsefton.com/2011/03/24/onwards.htm">http://ptsefton.com/2011/03/24/onwards.htm</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Onwards | ptsefton ] - <a href="http://ptsefton.com/2011/03/24/onwards.htm">http://ptsefton.com/2011/03/24/onwards.htm</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sandsfish (~sandsfish@18.111.25.122) Quit (Quit: sandsfish)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs1 (~Graham@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-114.west.biz.rr.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
