<span class="irc-date">[2:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* alxp (~aoneill@99-105-58-164.lightspeed.sntcca.sbcglobal.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:20]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: stuartlewis)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@s-lewis.itss.auckland.ac.nz) Quit (Ping timeout: 250 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@121.98.157.79) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@121.98.157.79) Quit (Quit: stuartlewis)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-jordan.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-jordan.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-jordan.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-jordan.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-red">[frigg VERSION]</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* alxp (~aoneill@99-105-58-164.lightspeed.sntcca.sbcglobal.net) Quit (Quit: alxp)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scottatm (~scottatm@voyager117.evans.tamu.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* alxp (~aoneill@99-105-58-164.lightspeed.sntcca.sbcglobal.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* alxp (~aoneill@99-105-58-164.lightspeed.sntcca.sbcglobal.net) Quit (Quit: alxp)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-235-99-153.clt.bellsouth.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scottatm (~scottatm@voyager117.evans.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Mayank (~MnzNotebu@122.161.218.56) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (81d7a972@gateway/web/freenode/ip.129.215.169.114) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (81d7a972@gateway/web/freenode/ip.129.215.169.114) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* alxp (~aoneill@99-105-58-164.lightspeed.sntcca.sbcglobal.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* snail (~stuart@130.195.179.88) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* snail (~stuart@130.195.179.88) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Mayank (~MnzNotebu@122.161.218.56) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* grahamtriggs_ (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-100.west.biz.rr.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* vhollister (48c88f7e@gateway/web/freenode/ip.72.200.143.126) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Reminder to all -- our DSpace Developers meeting is in about 1 hour from now, still at 20:00UTC.  For those in the USA/Canada, as it's now Daylight Savings, this means the meeting is now an hour later than it used to be.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Mayank (7aa1da38@gateway/web/freenode/ip.122.161.218.56) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Mayank (7aa1da38@gateway/web/freenode/ip.122.161.218.56) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* stuartlewis (~stuartlew@gendiglt02.lbr.auckland.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@94-227-61-160.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bojans (~Bojmen@91-118-63-19.dynamic.adsl-line.inode.at) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@sul272peter.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, reminder, at top of the hour is our DSpace Developers Meeting.  Today's agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-03-16">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2011-03-16</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@sul272peter.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cccharles (~user@131.104.62.55) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (80ce8882@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.136.130) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi All.  Today is a DSpace Special Topic meeting on the "RoadMap to 2.0".  As I had sent out previously, I've mocked up a proposed RoadMap that I feel would be beneficial to DSpace over the next few releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Proposed+RoadMap+to+2.0">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Proposed+RoadMap+to+2.0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Proposed RoadMap to 2.0 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org">https://wiki.duraspace.org</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-96-237-109-32.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The point of this meeting is to begin to brainstorm out a RoadMap to 2.0, via a set of releases....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The proposal that I made is simply *my* ideas for a potential RoadMap, so I'd like to also hear your responses / disagreements with this approach.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; One fundamental question I have is around continuity</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I also fully realize that this is a *HUGE* topic...so, I expect it will be an ongoing discussion, and I also expect this discussion will also continue at our face-to-face at OR11</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; go ahead, richardrodgers...if you'd like to start things off</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; That is, is the road to 2.0 via the 1.x code?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, continuity is of the utmost import</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes..it's a way of stepping from where we are now (1.7.0) to a *real* 2.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That's what we've been doing so far.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I know, but I'm not convinced it will get us there in the most efficient manner</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes we are still on track with what I've suggested as a road forward at DSUG in Sweden and at OR10</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Most efficient...?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers: well, that's what this discussion is all about.  I wanted to just kick things off with a basic proposal, and then brainstorm out whether this is the "best" route, or if better ones may exist</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I believe the community has need for continuity</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mhwood: what I mean is this:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs_&gt; tdonohue: promise not to take my comments personally!! I'm liable to be quite harsh, but it's not meant to be taken that way.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; If we are layering in frameworks/ etc that need to retain compatibility with our code, we are adding complexity</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I promise not to take anything personally. This RoadMap is merely *one idea*, and I'm perfectly fine if we take today to "rip it apart" and start over from scratch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; It may be simpler/easier to jump to what we want</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; me/ preparing for the grahamtriggs onslaught</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I don't know, but I think it merits consideration.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers: so, are you proposing parallel development paths?  And then a migration path between them?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Let me give you some examples in current code:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: From experience, making any jump to "what we want" is both an enormous task and and one with a high risk of attrition</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs_&gt; First thing I'll say, is that we really need to get away from saying anything "2.0". This has been an dead albatross for us, and we've talked about re-numbering that makes "2.0" somewhat moot. Yes, we need to think about our roadmap over the next few releases, but the sooner we start breaking down ingrained notions, the better.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; while awaiting richardrodgers examples, I will add that both the DSpace 2.0 work and our experience with trying to integrate have led us to working in more manageable "chunks"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mdiggory: this is true, but we should also see the costs on the other side, they are not insignificant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* JosephRhoads (a00a0f16@gateway/web/freenode/ip.160.10.15.22) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; one example, we put in a bunch of Spring stuff, which when we really need it, will likely have to be rewritten to (e.g. Spring 3 idioms)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt;  to grahamtriggs_ first point:  I probably shouldn't have called this "2.0" :)  This RoadMap has *nothing* to do with past concepts of 2.0.  So, you could instead think of this as a "Proposed RoadMap for 2011-2013" (which happens to have a release that I chose to name "2.0")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; there was nothing wrong with the work, it just wasn't put to extensive use, and things move on. We carry this as technical debt</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We do see incredible value in the dspace-services work and the adoption of Spring, and migrating to new spring 3.0 idioms is not a concern for us.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I guess I'm just asking if we should consider this:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We see the adoption of Spring as a healthy force for improving the architecture of DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; if the goal is a DSpace w/Fedora inside, then let's look at what that requires.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; cleaning it up and separating the functional areas</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers: the reason I went with this sort of "staged" approach was to limit the need for all of us to "work simultaneously in two codebases".  So, I was hoping to simplify that, by making *small steps* over a series of releases, that can gradually bring our API to a "better" place.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Mayank (~MnzNotebu@122.161.218.56) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; \me agrees with tdonohue on this point</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cccharles (~user@131.104.62.55) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; DSpace/Fedora is *a* goal.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs_&gt; Right, now to get controversial :) I don't really see the proposal as a roadmap - it's a collection of ideas of things that are implemented / half-implemented / desired, that might be able to be able to go into versions at those times. There are more trade-offs, and built-up legacy revolving around developing those features than is acknowledged. And I'll get back to my pet peeve as a concrete example...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory agrees with mhwood on this point</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers:  I should have mentioned that more explicitly, but *simultaneous* to this entire RoadMap there *will* be a smaller group looking at what DSpace w/Fedora inside entails as a goal, and some of that may eventually affect this RoadMap over time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue agrees with mhwood as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: right, but the more we succeed on the modularity front, the more that that issues diminishes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: I would suggest thats why its more of a priority on the 1.8 release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jefftrimble (~jefftrimb@maag127.maag.ysu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mdiggory agrees with grahamtriggs as well ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mdiggory: I agree that modularity could give us a big win in that time-frame, I'm not talking about that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: you mean the issues of parallel tracks of development?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mdiggory: yes, to the degree we can disaggregate the system, then parallel becomes the rule, not an extra toll</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Quote: richardrodgers: if the goal is a DSpace w/Fedora inside, then let's look at what that requires.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; We have already been working on parallel tracks in this area for a few years now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs_ : would like to hear more out of that...what do you see as necessary to make this more of a "roadmap" .    I'll also admit, that parts of this likely are not truly a RoadMap, but are more meant to get us to *discuss* and decide upon a RoadMap as a group :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; however, I argue that while parallel tracks appear to converge in the distance, they do not unless connections are built</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and incremental switches along the track assure that congestion will be alleviated if there are conflicts with traveling to our destination</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; true mdiggory , but I'm saying is that convergence is not in building just infrastructure that can get you there, but a functional set of requirements...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; richardrodgers:  so what do you want to do?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs_&gt; Whilst I absolutely acknowledge that there needs to be a REST API, if a Fedora based system is the endpoint (and I have big reservations about the suitability of Fedora for the community at large - somewhat separate issue), having Fedora gives us a lot of that anyway. Rushing to implement/support a REST API that is not the same as Fedora (so that we can't just ditch parts of it and simply expose the Fedora API),</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs_&gt; will be a significant resource drain. I stand by saying that the thought between these needs to be joined up - either the REST API (where possible) matches the API of Fedora, or we wait for Fedora, or we just have an API and forget about Fedora.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mhwood: I'd really like to understand what we want to build first</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I suspect that we all understand what we want to build, but our understandings are all different.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mhwood: I'm worried that a lot of good stuff we did in the past, (which was done without reference to, or guided by 'Fedora inside') may or may not fit the best</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; So I just want to know what the community sentiment is about our priorities.....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: I agree as well, and have been very quick to point out to the initiative that there is prior art to consider</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; grahamtriggs_ : Not sure I get your point. I see a DSpace REST API as being inherently different from a Fedora REST API, as they are two entirely different object models/APIs, and wrap different object/content workflows (even if DSpace sits on Fedora)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; mdiggory: right, there is prior art on both sides, and I'm not sure we have tried to analyse it yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers: So, some of the *priorities* that I proposed are at the top, in the "Overarching Goals": <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Proposed+RoadMap+to+2.0">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Proposed+RoadMap+to+2.0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Proposed RoadMap to 2.0 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org">https://wiki.duraspace.org</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; First, do we even have a consensus on what things we are prioritizing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd be fine with taking a step back and discussing priorities</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; What does DSpace look like when we are done?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think that'd be a worthwhile exercise.  As mentioned, my general priorites (they are a bit high-level) are in the Overarching Goals, I defined in the proposal</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;grahamtriggs_&gt; tdonohue: which in itself is a problem. If we expose a DSpace REST API as being tied to what is currently the DSpace model, then we introduce another big headache in maintaining/extending/replacing that API and evolving the platform, and if we stick to further baking in our object model, then we gain *nothing* by incorporating Fedora underneath.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (80ce8882@gateway/web/freenode/ip.128.206.136.130) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs, Baby steps... IMO, we cannot make the jump to a flexible data model without first having an existing data model.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: think these needs labels or numbering</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Begin to Restructure Trunk Projects -</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Begin Refactoring the DSpace Domain Model -</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; consider the second a higher priority than the first</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; To answer mhwoods question of "what does DSpace look like", I'd like to see DSpace become a more *central*, interoperable system which is able to more easily share its content via improved integration points/APIs/etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, API / Integration points need to be "Contracts"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; At the same time, I'd also like to see DSpace become *easier to install &amp; configure*, so that it's easier for people to get up and running &amp; stay up-to-date.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Again, I've listed these priorities at the top of the RoadMap proposal.  But, I'd be interested to hear what *you all think*.  Are these common priorities?  Would you answer the question of "what does DSpace look like" differently?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I should have said:  what does DSpace look like *inside*?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, so, you are talking *technical architecture priorities*, rather than overarching priorities...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Yes, I don't think we disagree with the overarching goals (or at least I don't)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; *inside*, as a basic answer, I'd say I feel it would be beneficial to minimally have "Fedora Inside" as an *option* (it may or may not be the only option, that is yet to be decided)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; "Fedora Inside" probably needs to be put on the map explicitly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think we all get "heated" when ti comes to how those goals will be reached and what the solutions will look like</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sorry, I thought it was explicit -- it's in 2.0 on the map, and it's also listed under priorities?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Oops, yes, there it is.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, we get heated and then back off to cool down.  We need, at some point, to fight to a decision.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; A goal that I want is to be able to have a third party, non-Java user interface (i.e. php-UI). it can talk either through DSpace REST API, or perhaps discovery+solr search index.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, obviously, I'll admit, my saying "Fedora Inside" doesn't mean a lot yet.  We really haven't figured out *what that means* (but we do have a team who is starting to look into that, of both DSpace &amp; Fedora folks -- if you are interested in helping, please get in touch)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; if we haven't figure dout what it means...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; how do we know we want it? ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; tdonohue: that's my point - we need to drill down on it because it has strong architectural requirements</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; or could have</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think for the group, the highest priority is achieving some consensus on if we should be standardizing on modularity approaches</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; richardrodgers -- yes, it will *inform* this roadmap going forward.  But, that's also explicitly *why* I don't go into much detail in the "DSpace 2.0" section of the roadmap</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; do you mean the proposal to explode dspace-api, etc, mdiggory ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; One thing I just realized I *don't* see on the map is the simplification of containment that was done in the 2.0 prototype.  Are we still doing that, and if so, how does it play with all the other stuff people want to do?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: "explode" is a dangerous way to word it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; sorry  ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- That is also a goal of mine.  I'd personally like to see other third party interfaces pop up.  See last sub-bullet of #3 under DSpace 1.9.0: "Encourage community to developer/share/support their own third-party UIs"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; for instance "Begin Refactoring the DSpace Domain Model -" is not breaking apart dspace-api, its actually "formalizing" an API contract that is present within it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; no, I thought you meant the trunk projects stuff....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and once "formalized" theres now room to discuss how to change it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood. You are right, that was a mistake. Should be in there somewhere, and will be necessary as we move towards "Fedora Inside".  Though that simplication of containment is likely either a 1.9.0 or a 2.0 (as part of final refactoring for Fedora Inside)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jefftrimble (~jefftrimb@maag127.maag.ysu.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: I think that considering more functional "modules" is still relevant</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes that i now numbered the bullets under each version in RoadMap.  Refresh your page to see them.  The numbering is just for ease of reference, and not to represent something being of higher/lower priority</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and dividing up dspace-api certainly would lead us to be able to approach more sulutions / modules or "bricks"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; mdiggory:  what I'm hearing is that we all have been working over stuff that was designed long ago, and it's time for another design cycle to clean up the current state of it and ensure that it fits where we want to go.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: yes, that is certainly an incremental approach</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, are there other priorities any of you would like to express?  Do you disagree or agree with priorities as stated in the RoadMap proposal, or is something glaringly missing / wrong?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and I could word in many different ways.... I don't want to see this on an OR11 presentation slide ;-)   Theres a great deal that was learned in the DSpace 2.0 initiative about the importance not chopping off the hand that feeds you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd -- sorry I missed your comment about "how do we know we want Fedora Inside".  I'd say, right now we *think* it's a good idea, but we are still investigating it.  It's just a goal at this point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; sorry, I guess that was a botched metaphor, should have been bite.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; kshepherd -- also, the reasons why DuraSpace feels that the "Fedora Inside" idea is a worthwhile goal are detailed in the FAQ at</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace-Fedora+Integration+FAQ#DSpace-FedoraIntegrationFAQ-Whataretheperceivedbenefits%3FWhydothisintegration%3F">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace-Fedora+Integration+FAQ#DSpace-FedoraIntegrationFAQ-Whataretheperceivedbenefits%3FWhydothisintegration%3F</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace-Fedora Integration FAQ - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org">https://wiki.duraspace.org</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: its ok so far, though ordering and content of 1.8.0 and 1.9.0 may be subject to change</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Mayank (~MnzNotebu@122.161.218.56) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That being said, I would be interested to hear from any of you around how you feel about "Fedora Inside" idea (like/dislike).  You are also welcome to contact me outside of this meeting, if this is "too public"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I do want to emphasize...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mdiggory: I think for the group, the highest priority is achieving some consensus on if we should be standardizing on modularity approaches</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i don't have a strong opinion, i just assumed others already did (have strong opinions)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is there an argument for *not* standardizing on modularity approaches?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I'm  not entirely clear on what is meant in this context....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; ok, it has to do with the technical track of the roadmap</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; IMO, the first two items and Replace DSpace ConfigurationManager and PluginManager) present a very clear attack on the current PluginManager and ConfigurationManager approaches to modularity.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; and are directing a solution that utilizes dspace-services to attain modularity / plugability via spring instead</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; Ok - but first they still need work, no?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; My position is that this is standardizing an approach to modularity</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So you mean picking a particular approach and deprecating...removing others.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: that is correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; richardrodgers: yes, there is work still, it is incremental</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; though, "Refactoring the DSpace Domain Model" is almost completed and there are a series of changes to the dspace-api that we want to give the community an opportunity to review before a commit happens.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; And I thought grahamtriggs had some further work on services?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; grahamtriggs always has further work on services ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; the stuff in Refactoring Domain Model makes sense</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; the mans a debugging machine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So, rewording again, we need to decide as a group whether ConfigurationService etc. are our direction, and all commit to something.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; mhwood: well put</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; the Domain Model stuff I think is most in need of explicitly lining up to Fedora Inside reqs, which I have yet to see...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Do you want a mapping?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yes, for a start</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; or a description of how it relates to a persistence approach</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; well, coming back to modularity...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; pluggable DAO = opportunities for mutliple mappings / approaches</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; pluggable DAO + Storage Services = opportunities for multiple mappings + storage solutions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm noting we are already over time here...should we take time to dig deeper &amp; vote on modularity suggestions either (a) in this meeting sometime in next few weeks or (b) via email ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; yes, but that is a rather generic, abstract view. I want to examine something closer to an implementation architecture</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I think going back to what the goal of the original DAP prototype was... it was to get the implementation out of the model, so that there could be alternatives.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; DAP =DAO</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; I do have to go ATM - but this is an important discussion.....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;JosephRhoads&gt; I agree.  And also have to go.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;richardrodgers&gt; bye all, thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* richardrodgers (~richardro@pool-96-237-109-32.bstnma.fios.verizon.net) Quit (Quit: richardrodgers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; well, the point is well taken, I think that its important to note that the Domain Model and DAO have other important roles outside of Fedora Inside</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; Ok, thanks tdonohue  for what was a very successful special topic meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, obviously, I think there's a lot that still needs deeper discussion here...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think we should schedule a meeting to talk about modularity suggestions over the coming weeks..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; I agree, I worry about creating dependencies on moving forward now that rely on understanding exactly what will happen in 2.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd also encourage *everyone* to add your ideas/concerns/suggestions to that RoadMap Proposal, on dspace-devel, on dspace-commit, or send them to me.  I  really want to make sure we are all "heading in the same direction" and have a common understanding/agreement on that direction</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't think we've yet come to an *exact* agreement, but I think we had good discussion and found some commonalities</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, with that...I'll close off the meeting.   Feel free to let me know what you think.  Also, start thinking of topics we may want to tackle in person at OR11 (where we will have time to dig in together on bigger topics)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; any updates/thoughts/ideas on GSoC, and/or the stuff i sent to dspace-commit last week?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (50c01881@gateway/web/freenode/ip.80.192.24.129) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; GSoC updates = still put in your Project ideas on the wiki or volunteer to mentor a project.  We don't know  yet if we are "accepted" (but we should find out on Friday)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ksclarke (~kevin@adsl-235-99-153.clt.bellsouth.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; tdonohue: it would be good to get a roadmap for GSoC application published and maybe make reminders to the dev list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; GSoC Project ideas go here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Google+Summer+of+Code+Ideas">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Google+Summer+of+Code+Ideas</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Google Summer of Code Ideas - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org">https://wiki.duraspace.org</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mdiggory -- first, we gotta get accepted.  But, yes, I agree!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mdiggory&gt; that risk is quite low</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; still, mdiggory, was planning to send out reminders to dspace-devel once we are accepted on Fri (fingers crossed)...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As for 1.7.1 release -- It sounds like there were concerns about pushing it up?  Should we leave it where it is scheduled (Friday, March 25)?  I feel like the discussion has *stopped* or never got started on dspace-commit (and I'm not sure why that is)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sorry, must go.  Good discussion!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'm not sure either</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@2001:18e8:3:171:218:8bff:fe2a:56a4) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; at this point, March 25 is not too far off, so I'm OK with waiting as needed. I feel this really is a call for 1.7.1 Release Coordinator to make.  I don't want to get in the habit of making these decisions on behalf of the RC.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; is PeterDietz around?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; do we have a solid fix for the dspace-commit issue?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; PeterDietz: if you have any comments/questions/decisions on the issue i emailed dspace-commit about, feel free to reply there :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; (and just a note that this channel is logged)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes that I am unfortunately "on call" for Jury Duty all of next week (March 21-25).  I'm hoping to not get chosen on a jury, but if I do, my ability to help with 1.7.1 release may be limited.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd suggest PeterDietz or kshepherd starting up this conversation again on dspace-commit...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; from what I said in email, the dspace-commit and discovery+sword issue need to be in a 1.7.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue is only going to be here "partially" for a while.  If others need to head out, feel free (consider the main meeting to be closed).  But, also feel free to stick around if you want to continue discussion..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; PeterDietz: hrm, didn't see an email from you. can you resend?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; kshepherd: I had apparently sent through my gmail address, instead of my @osu.edu address, and the message was dropped</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; got your re-send</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; ta</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@94-227-61-160.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bojans (~Bojmen@91-118-63-19.dynamic.adsl-line.inode.at) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Mayank (~MnzNotebu@122.161.218.56) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (50c01881@gateway/web/freenode/ip.80.192.24.129) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-228-50-45.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* vhollister (48c88f7e@gateway/web/freenode/ip.72.200.143.126) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mdiggory (~mdiggory@rrcs-74-87-47-100.west.biz.rr.com) Quit (Quit: mdiggory)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* grahamtriggs_ (~grahamtri@cpc2-stev6-2-0-cust333.9-2.cable.virginmedia.com) Quit (Quit: grahamtriggs_)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~PeterDiet@sul272peter.lib.ohio-state.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kompewter (~kompewter@sul272peter.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
