<span class="irc-date">[3:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* fasseg (~fas@HSI-KBW-078-043-007-220.hsi4.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* fasseg (~fas@HSI-KBW-078-043-007-220.hsi4.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* fasseg (~fas@HSI-KBW-078-043-007-220.hsi4.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* fasseg (~fas@HSI-KBW-078-043-007-220.hsi4.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:34]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) Quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84_ (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, time for our weekly DSpace Devel Mtg.  Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-06-19">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-06-19</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2013-06-19 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-06-19">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-06-19</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll kick off with a few PR reviews: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?direction=asc&amp;page=1&amp;sort=created&amp;state=open</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; today, starting at #190: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/190">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/190</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Social Sharing Bar and Export to bibtex, RIS and Mendeley by lyncodev · Pull Request #190 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/190">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/190</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; related to DS-1493</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1493">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1493</a> ] - [#DS-1493] Sharing and Export Bar - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I would say the export to endnote et all, is a definite win. We have the share-bar on ours, I haven't heard of any praise about it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; this is the dspace-api implementation and JSPUI interface, XMLUI interface is a separate ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, was wondering if there was a separate one for XMLUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; the export/crosswalk uses the XOAI to translate?? I'm a bit confused by that one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This seems reasonable.  Just wondering (like PeterDietz implies) if these sorts of "share-bars" still get much use/excitement</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've never used one, but I'm probably not a good model.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; seems so, e.g. dspace/config/crosswalks/export/bibtex.xsl</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I never have used one either.  Just not sure if anyone else has had their users asking for this feature, or implemented it locally</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if this depends on XOAI, it sounds like it'd also need to be able to be disabled.  As it'll break if you don't want to run XOAI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; I did occasionally use things like RIS export on other platforms. So although this may not be for everyday use, I definitely see the benefits of having it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Haven't had time to thoroughly examine the code, but wondering if this is two features.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; mhwood: what two features do you mean?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it seems like two (related) features...has two configs:  "sharingbar.cfg" and "export.cfg"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; "Social Sharing Bar" and "Citation Export".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; right, seems so. would that be a problem?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There may not be enough factoring available to be worth the effort.  Just musing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; though, it looks like from the screenshot (attached to DS-1493), it's all in one "bar"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1493">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1493</a> ] - [#DS-1493] Sharing and Export Bar - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; more info: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~joaomelo/Sharing+and+Export+Bar">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~joaomelo/Sharing+and+Export+Bar</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Log In - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~joaomelo/Sharing+and+Export+Bar">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/~joaomelo/Sharing+and+Export+Bar</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It seems like a fine addition. I just would wonder whether some minor cleanup is in order:  (1) Should one be able to *disable* it, if they don't want it, (2) Does it really need two separate config files? Why not one config?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I guess to enable this is up to the end-user repo, they seem like fine/worth-while features to have. I'm just wondering if they are implemented correctly.. Configs in modules (check), crosswalk using crosswalk (check)...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I do think maybe this shows that there is something in XOAI that needs to come out, if it's more generally useful.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* helix84_ (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) Quit (Quit: helix84_)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; finally -- how does this relate to the other recent "citation export" tools (in 3.0)...should those get "tied in" with this bar somehow eventually</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; The "code smell" to me, is how much Java was involved to make a share-bar. To me, this is all client-side JS, with a bit of configs to load</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; PeterDietz -- for the sharebar part, yes.  But, for the *export* piece, you'd need Java to do the export translation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; xoai is XSLT based</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; BTE is not limited to XSLT</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; right right. since it's plugged up via XOAI it can do this via XSLT.  Just pointing out that part of this work needs to be done server-side...the other part can be client-side like Peter says</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK. So, sounds like the consensus may be:  Seems OK.  Some questions here (mostly me) about whether it should be able to be disabled...or if it really needs multiple config files to manage it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Would be also nice to see an XMLUI version get built too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And whether it should be possible to disable one side but not the other.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I don't mean to derail the train here, but it sounds like a recurring general issue - since we have JSPUI and several XMLUI themes, there are often javascript/css thingies that should be reused across them. we currently don't do that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: Joao is exploring building XMLUI aspects, he's interested in porting this sharing bar to XMLUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* [1]KevinVdV (~Kevin@d5153D041.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: Ok, wasn't clear (not mentioned anywhere) that he's looking at an XMLUI version</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As for shared JS/CSS.  Shared CSS is HARD (depends on the HTML so much).   Shared JS is more plausable...but still may not always work right in multiple UIs (again can be HTML dependent, based on what that JS is trying to do)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but *sharing* common JS/CS tools/ideas (e.g. Use JQuery) is a good thing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Not really sure we can force UIs to do much more than that...it's just too much to try to support between two entirely different UIs (and many themes)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe there is enough sharing available to start a "common webapp support" project.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: you got me interested. care to elaborate?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; if there's enough to share, sure.  Just not certain there is enough in common to share</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, if there are sizable things which are simply repeated or reimplemented then they could be factored out and the JSPUI and XMLUI (etc) made dependent on them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; off the top of my head: search completion, authority/controlled vocabulary completion, citation generation, sharing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; community/collection hierarchy collapsing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Once there is a place to put this stuff, then we need the habit of asking, "is this bit of UI plumbing readily generalized, or do I have to make it UI-specific?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Kind of like dspace-api, only for webapp stuff instead of business-logic stuff.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: if each of those could be "extracted" as little JS widgets, then yea it'd be nice to see if we could share them across the UIs.   I'm just wondering (in my mind) how much work/effort that'd take</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I have no idea whether there is enough to gain, to be worth the effort.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: the implementation effort would be offset by easier maintenance and feature parity between interfaces. of course, it's a big Volunteer Needed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I like the ideas here.  Just wondering out loud how much work it would be (I honestly don't know...maybe it's easy enough)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; I'm weighing on the side of making each UI, separate stand-alone projects/modules. Put repeated data-model level logic into the services layer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Someone can pick a feature and try to factor it out.  Then we'll know.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; PeterDietz: yes, but these are mostly client-side things</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This almost starts to sound like another sort of "addon" or "plugin".  We usually talk about server-side "plugins" to DSpace (how do we plugin this bit of Java/XSLT stuff).  This starts to sound like a client-side "plugin" (How do I plugin this little JS Widget into my DSpace, whether I'm running JSPUI or XMLUI)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, it sounds like we need a JS framework to work with our pending Business Logic Layer?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Like jQuery only DSpace-specific.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: not necessarily.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; the problem here is not so much where the widget would live, but to coordinate the HTML it depends on across interfaces</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I was more thinking: Here's a JQuery "widget" that happens to work for DSpace...it will do Auto-complete in your DSpace, or whatever.  The big limitation here is we still don't have a REST API (there, I said it again) ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; We certainly could do with some organization of all the JS bits, there is a bunch in the box, but figuring out which bit you've broken when you try to add your own is a daunting task</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Not that I ever break anything, ever, mind you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I still don't know if this is a "doable" thing.  Trying to sync up / coordinate the HTML to the level that you don't accidentally break a JS widget could be too hard</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Plus, there's the question of... do we really want to centrally support multiple UIs forever and ever.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (not implying anything by that...just reminding that we are continually asking why are we supporting *multiple* versions/implemenations of things.  That also needs to apply to the UI)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, I feel like this conversation has run it's course.  Not sure there's anything actionable *yet*.  But if someone wanted to do some digging/research there is a general "brainstorm" out there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, moving along.  The next topic for today..  Revisiting 3.2 release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think it's become obvious (to Committers at least) that we'll need to do a 3.2 release, cause of the recent minor JSPUI security issue  (As this is a logged channel, not gonna say anything beyond that, until we have a patch)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think the questions that remain are:  When?  and is there any other last little fixes we want to add to 3.2?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; as I see it, we should release all other fixes that are ready by that time along with it as 3.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 : yea, by default that's my stance too.  It's sorta an "anything that is ready" by the time the security fix is in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I've been commiting all that's ready to the 3_x branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;[1]KevinVdV&gt; Just fired a new one, if anybody is up for it: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/239">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/239</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-1489] SolrJ-3.3.0 dependency in OAI by KevinVdV · Pull Request #239 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/239">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/239</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; the bugslayer is back!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hail the bugslayer!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Looks good.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, is any more help/feedback needed on the JSPUI security fix? (Please don't get too specific yet, no links, etc.  -- again, we want to tread carefully on a logged/indexed channel until we can get the fixes to our community)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yes. which older version do we still consider subject to security fixes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; three years back? more?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; good question, helix84</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think that is something for us to decide.  Admittedly, this is the first time we've had to tackle such an issue (at least since I've been the "tech lead" and that I can recall).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue, help/feedback needed, I'm unable to implement the change the Kostas suggested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; My gut says we push out a fix for 1.8.x and 1.7.x.  But, further back than that, I think we just provide a fix/patch and they are "on their own".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I'm open to suggestions too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: sounds reasonable to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;[1]KevinVdV&gt; I agree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 1.7 and 1.8 should be do-able, and I doubt the design of that object has changed much, probably we could go back farther, maybe try patching until the patch fails?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Wait until someone with an older version says, "hey, what about us?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; for reference:  1.7.0 was released in Dec 2010.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; do we have a policy already?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm wondering if in general we just make it policy that "We only support the last 3 major releases in terms of security patches".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; tdonohue++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we don't have an official policy yet, no.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm suggesting though that we create one.  We can vote on it on dspace-commit (I'll send an email to all committers later today/tomorrow), if the "last 3 major releases" sounds reasonable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That's what Tomcat does.  Enough precedent for me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; last 3 major tagged releases sounds fine to me, I wonder what it will be like to release those old versions?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we did just migrate from SVN to Github last year.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yuck.  Hmm...that's right. 1.7.x and 1.8.x will have old POMs based on SVN</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84_ (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; yea, I'd say 3 years is pretty standard in open source. RHEL is the only one that comes to mind that goes way beyond that (with smallprint).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; I wanted to say that we should declare a policy on security support. that will give our users an idea how far back they can afford to lag behind the latest release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well, I suspect it may take a bit of "work" to release a 1.7.x and a 1.8.x, but that work should mainly be updates to the POM to support Git/GitHub.  I'd be glad to help with that process.  We still have the 1.7.x  &amp; 1.8.x branches though, which is good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood mumbles something about RHEL never being *less* than 3 years backlevel....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm game to try the older releases, but it's bound to get a bit soupy, I'll probably need help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* helix84 (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) Quit (Ping timeout: 256 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: I guarrantee it won't work until we update the POMs. I'm *hoping* it should mostly be a "backporting" of the Git/GitHub POM changes from 3.x to 1.8.x &amp; 1.7.x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That should not be a really big problem.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no, it seems doable.  Just is an extra step</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I just remember trying to do something similar on my own for 1.7, and finally throwing in the towel and just leaving my 1.7 tree in Subversion :-\</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I think the next steps are:  (1) Get hpottinger the feedback he needs to finalize the patch (on dspace-commit).   (2) Cleanup 1.7.x &amp; 1.8.x branches to work for GitHub.   (3) Commit patch to all three, release 3.2, 1.8.3 and 1.7.3.   (4) Announce security release to community &amp; provide a patch for older releases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (And simultaneously, I'll start up a vote on our policies around security fixes on dspace-commit.  That way we can clarify/announce these policies as part of the community announcement)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; (3.5) get Relase Notes ready for all the patched versions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Clarify/announce/document, so we can go see what our policy is 6 months from now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood++ very true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84_ yep, true as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So: there's a lot of (smallish) tasks here.  Do we have folks willing to chip in?  (Either let us know now, or on dspace-commit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; question: does anyone mind if I throw in some more bugfixes to 1.8.3?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; For myself, I'm happy to help with #2 (GitHub POM cleanup) and #4.   Not sure how much time though I'll have for others...would be good to get more hands on deck here, if folks have time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ideally, we really should get this all done soonish (by end of next week)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84_ : cause of tight timelines here, I'd actually rather not. I don't want to cause delays</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; understood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Perhaps that's also a part of our (soon to be) policy.  How many versions back do we really want to support bug-fixes as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; if you want to organize a "securitathon" on #dspace before next wednesday, I'll try to come and help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we could try for a "securitathon"..though my schedule is tighter and tighter these days (with OR looming, my time is harder to come by)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I do suggest though that it'd be nice if we all can take a few moments to provide feedback on dspace-commit on the proposed changes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll promise to do the same</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; end of next week is June 28</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes. Ideally, in my mind, we work to get this all resolved so that we can do the releases on/around June 26th/27th and announce on June 27th/28th.  If it gets done sooner, great.  Just some dates to shoot for.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As we are now at 1 hr, I'm not gonna call any more agenda items.  But, I will mention, for anyone going to OR13:  If you have ever been to PEI and know of any good pubs in the area, let me know.  Looking for a place we can all go after the face-to-face Devel Mtg.  I'm gonna ask around elsewhere as well. Just thought I'd mention it here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; beyond that, the meeting is essentially adjourned.  I'll stick around here if anyone has anything else to discuss.  But, no more official agenda items for today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; This will be my first time at an OR event and I'm overwhelmed by the choices of presentations. Do you have a personal plan yet? Any recommendations?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; helix84_ Bram usually puts together a "must see" list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; admittedly, I haven't even had a chance to look at the array of presentations :)  I have too much to prepare to present/organize myself!  Though I do need to decide what to do on Monday morning (before our DSpace Devel Mtg starts)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Oh, speaking of this, my presentation is on "yay, DSpace 3.1" I'd like to hear from anyone who is running 3.1 in production.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OR does usually have so much going on that it can be hard to decide what to attend.   It's a pretty busy conference, but I also find it to be my most enjoyable of the year</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: DSpaceDirect is hosting several 3.1 (unadvertised) production instances...but we don't have anything official to announce just *yet* (But hope to have a few we can show in time for OR13, though content will still likely be minimal so it may not be much to show)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; my tactic is usually to plot a path through the things that I *need* to know more about, to help me do my job, connecting those dots usually puts me in interesting places. And then, if I have some flexibility, I follow other DSpace folks around to check out whatever they're checking out.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I vaguely recall other committers saying they are moving to 3.1 "soonish".  But, not sure if anyone has yet?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;[1]KevinVdV&gt; Need to run, until next time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I have to go too.  'bye!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue, I'll happily give you guys a free plug during my talk, send me screenshots</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; hpottinger: my experiences from the lists say that there's an often occurring problem with OAI that gives you a "no matches found" error when you have a non-GMT timezone set. a big bummer because Joao wasn't able to fix it properly yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* [1]KevinVdV (~Kevin@d5153D041.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit:  HydraIRC -&gt; <a href="http://www.hydrairc.com">http://www.hydrairc.com</a> &lt;- \o/)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; i have 3.1 in production</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'll repeat this on the dspace_tech list, but anyone with a 3.1 "war story" to tell, or screenshots you're particularly proud of, send 'em my way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I plan to spend at least part of my talk admonishing folks to please patch to at least their latest incremental release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; i personally don't remember anything particularly hard about 1.8-&gt;3, but that may be just because I ran master in a testing environment for a long time :p</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; I did a presentation on what's new in DSpace 3, but the slides are just bullet points, mostly the same as release notes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I went from 1.7 to 3.1, majority of my time was spent on updating theme code (we switched to a new theme, but it was 1.8-based, and somewhat complex)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; the meat was how the new OAI is awesome and that JSPUI now can have Discovery plus a dozen small improvements</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; My abstract for my talk, in keeping with the theme of the conference (re-use) was a mere cut/paste of release notes pages from the wiki :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I intend to sing the praises of the new build.properties and ENV.properties files</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; I still have nightmares of the breakage it caused</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84_ shudders</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I've gone on and on about the properties file, it's hands down my favorite part about 3.x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; the only reason why it's useless for me is that it allows only a small subset of properties</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; but I'm looking forward to the idea of dynamic configurations (whether file or DB-based)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well, you can always "extend" it to add more of the properties you want (assuming it's still a subset of the total number of properties) :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; that defeats its point with regard to having a clean checkout</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; if i have to apply an extra patch, it can be my configuration changes, not a change to store my configuration changes separately</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSpaceDirect depends heavily on the properties files for initial installation/setup...which makes me think they are awesome too.   But, after that initial setup/install, there are times we do (obviously) need to dig into other configs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; the whole benefit though of the properties (in my opinion), is it allows you to get a "quickstart" DSpace up and running (with minimal property tweaks), and then worry about the whole world of options later on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (which is essentially the exact way it is used for DSpaceDirect)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; My favorite part is that you can take a brand new clone of DSpace, or just the zip download from source forge, drop one file in the root folder, and BAM you're off and running</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; apropos, if anyone wants to nominate Sam, please go ahead. I've done my share of nominations lately :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, I agree that I look forward to dynamic configurations as well eventually</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; a word of advice - I think it was worth reaching out to the nominee first and measuring their interest/availability</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; hpottinger: anything in particular you wanted to ask about 3.x in production</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; helix84_, I need stories and pictures, favorite features and why, pain points and how you dealt with them (I intend to share what we elected to punt on implementing, but still intend to implement).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; what did you decide to postpone implementing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; man, if I spill the beans now, you'll skip my session</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; I think I still had to for some reason. But I'll surely catch up on the videos.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; don't worry, if my reputation precedes me, I assure you: no dancing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; I hope no running, either</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; you *might* be able to con me into doing a yo-yo trick, though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; favourite feature - OAI, hands down. Speed, Driver and OpenAIRE support out-of-the box, unprecedented ease of customization via XSL.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue begins drafting a tweet: "Really looking forward to hpottinger's 'DSpace 3.1' talk at OR13! Promises to feature dancing &amp; yo-yo tricks!"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; pain point - not mine, personally, but one may decide to finally shed the old Reference theme and build a new Mirage-based theme properly using xsl:import and template overlays + mention why this will save you time and effort on future theme upgrades (you may say what a bother they are)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; oh, yeah - favourite disappointments:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; query autocompletion stopped working in XSMLUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that's a pain point not specific to 3.x though :)    But, I still agree with your point</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; erm, no, no dancing, unconditional yes to yo-yo trick, though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; More Like This never worked until 3.1 and even so doesn't work so well, especially if you try to tweak its configuration</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; caveat to those using XMLUI+Discovery: access-rights aware display is on by default, which means you won't see in search results what you can't access!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; that's a problem because you might find something in anonymous mode and decide to log in to get access</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; I'm not intentionaly going in the direction of what I don't like, it just slides off of my tongue on its own... :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; the other "spin" on that caveat is that it's nice to no longer get results to things you cannot access.  But it does meant to get full results, you need to login first</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (i.e. I can see both opinions on that "access-rights aware" option.  Some may like it, some may not.  It is worth noting it is on by default though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; there was a solution I suggested, which wasn't implemented - add it to the new search results options menu and let the user decide</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I wonder if I could have an open mic, "favorite feature" vs. "biggest gripe" session?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; I'm actually mic-shy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; possibly, though that could get a bit "out of hand", if say helix84 steals the mic ;)   (Kidding)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; the only chance of me staling the mic is to hide it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; nah, helix84_ can be trusted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'd hazard to say anyone in our community can be trusted, honestly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; may I hold your wallet for a while?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; sure, it's empty</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; I forgot, you're married</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm quite fond of it, though, it's made of Tyvek</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84_&gt; hpottinger: look at PM</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:53]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162198.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84_ (~a@ip4-95-82-147-170.cust.nbox.cz) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
