<span class="irc-date">[0:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-moorcock.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-moorcock.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-moorcock.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-moorcock.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* fasseg (~fas@HSI-KBW-085-216-049-078.hsi.kabelbw.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* scheglov (~guest@188.19.21.52) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* scheglov (~guest@188.19.21.52) Quit (Excess Flood)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mastermisha (~mastermis@l37-192-29-11.novotelecom.ru) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mastermisha (~mastermis@l37-192-29-11.novotelecom.ru) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161244.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:42]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* fasseg (~fas@HSI-KBW-085-216-049-078.hsi.kabelbw.de) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* sveteca (~sveteca@37.45.236.249) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's now time for our weekly DSpace Developers Mtg.  Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-10-30">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-10-30</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2013-10-30 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-10-30">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-10-30</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, as has been the "hot topic", today is all about 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Before we get into some of the tickets that are specifically mentioned in the Agenda, I wonder if we should first ensure we have a RC1 &amp; Testathon plan in place (I.e. who is going to do what).  I just want to be sure not to leave that till the very end</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'd like to open the floor to the 4.0 Release Team.. I'm not sure if there have been any plans made yet, or if we need to do that now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; erm, plan? :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good point.  No formal plan yet.  It's time to be stabilizing the tree temporarily for RC1 tomorrow.  Bugs not yet tackled can be dealt with in RC2.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Priority right now should be stabilizing what we have already put in, yes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; So, my calendar is free, I can pull the lever, but I think someone else might want to, since I did it last year.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm also planning on setting up a testathon instance based on Oracle</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Unless someone else wants to, I can tag it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Then start looking at how to deploy to demo....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Well, as I see it, the following needs to happen in the next few days (before Testathon):  1.  Stabilize "master" (small bug fixes are OK as long as they don't destabilize), 2. Release RC1 (tomorrow or Fri), 3. Update demo.dspace.org with 4.0RC1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Preferably we get some *basic* 4.0 docs ready (esp. upgrade docs)...though it's not the end of the world if we are still working on those some next week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and part of "update demo" is "update demo's HTML content to indicate it is now running 4.0 RC1"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, that's correct.  We have some general notes on how to "update demo.dspace.org" at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/demo.dspace.org+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/demo.dspace.org+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ demo.dspace.org Notes - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/demo.dspace.org+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/demo.dspace.org+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ah, good!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I'll link those notes to hpottinger's "4.0 tasks", for easy reference)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; they're not just my tasks ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, yea, right :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Oh, didn't we tell you?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oh, man</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I meant, the page *you* created...not "all the stuff hpottinger is gonna do for us"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, added a link to the demo notes to that wiki page under "Testathon Tasks" : <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+4.0+Tasks">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+4.0+Tasks</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 4.0 Tasks - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+4.0+Tasks">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+4.0+Tasks</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamatis_ (2ebe3eeb@gateway/web/freenode/ip.46.190.62.235) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The one other thing is that we need to be sure to remind everyone next week when Testathon officially begins (and send them links to RC1, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So, how is 4.0 feeling right now?  Is there anything we really really need to address before tagging RC1?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I was planning to send the reminder.  These seem to go just to -tech, right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: you can probably just respond-all to the announcement you sent and add a friendly reminder. I'd actually recommend "spamming" all major lists (-devel, -tech, -general) as we'll get different testers on each</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* sveteca (~sveteca@37.45.236.249) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think 4.0 is looking very "feature-full" and exciting, personally.  There are still quite a few outstanding bugs, but I'm hoping nothing gets too "in the way" of testathon... and outstanding bugs is the norm this early on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; somewhat-related aside, I have Vagrant-DSpace working with hiera finally, so I *should* be able to write up a how to for running your own testathon instance in Vagrant-DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The only ticket I kinda wish we would have resolved by now is DS-1709 (mentioned in today's agenda).  It requires some UI rework to "fix" as it's rather confusing.  There is a PR though, I just haven't been able to help aschweer review it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1709">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1709</a> ] - [DS-1709] Advanced Embargo form does not work with non-anonymous group. Embargoed items are immediately publicly available! - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (Most of the other bugs I think we can fix before RC2 and be "ok")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That does sound rather urgent.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Noted.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; with DS-1709, aschweer has a great idea to make it easier to understand (see the screenshot she attached).  Essentially, it's not a "bug", it works right..but it's a huge usability issue (as it's an extremely confusingly laid out UI)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1709">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1709</a> ] - [DS-1709] Advanced Embargo form does not work with non-anonymous group. Embargoed items are immediately publicly available! - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and aschweer already did a PR for it (untested, XMLUI only so far) at <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/353">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/353</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-1709] Access step UI by aschweer · Pull Request #353 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/353">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/353</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1709 is a big thorn in my side as I wish I could enable "advanced embargo", but its not at all clear how to use it (and even I had trouble until aschweer explained it better in the comments of 1709)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, that's the only one I kinda wish could make RC1...but I'm so swamped under other tasks, I'm having trouble getting time to try out aschweer's UI redesign to see if it's ready to merge.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (if anyone wants to help, let me know...otherwise, I'll make some concerted effort to get this tried out tomorrow morning)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; if someone could review/test 353, we could still merge before we pull the lever on RC1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Me working in this area would probably slow things down rather than speed them. :-(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. well, I think "vagrant-dspace" is now working again (which has slowed me down, as that has been one of my primarily testing environments these days), so I can try and do a quick test to see where it stands before RC1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: I have one more change to make to Vagrant-DSpace to fix the hiera stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: as long as it "works well enough" I can pull in PR#353 and try it.  My other dev environment is just a "mess" right now, so vagrant-dspace will be quicker for this sort of PR test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jrgriffiniii (~chatzilla@139.147.64.195) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, do we sound "good" for RC1 &amp; Testathon?  It sounds like our one "gap" might still be some quick draft of Upgrade docs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think things look great for RC1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Made a note about the doc.s.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jrgriffiniii (~chatzilla@139.147.64.195) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Regarding docs in general, I do wonder if RT needs to either put out a call (to -commit or -dev) for help in documenting new features, or if we need to start leaning more heavily on specific folks.  Just don't want docs to wait till the very last minute (final release). It's perfectly fine to not have them all for RC1/Testathon...but we should start concentrating on docs in next few weeks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I should start by making a list of what isn't yet documented, I guess.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, that's the other step. I'm not sure what all is missing, but I'm pretty sure there are several major features without much docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (though others have some good starts, like the REST-API, courtesy of PeterDietz)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we really are a small crew today, huh.  just three of us.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue wonders where all our committers are :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, well, should we move along to some of the other topics on the agenda?  We've covered RC1/Testathon, Docs stuff, Ds-1709.  There's a few other notes here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis_&gt; I am here too. and I just want to declare that BTE contribution + SubmissionLookup service are also documented :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I was wondering the same thing at the start of the meeting...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks for the code and the documentation!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; excellent, kstamatis_ Thanks. I didn't even know that. :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dietz72m1.lib.ohio-state.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis_&gt; BTE docs: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=34640934">https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=34640934</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Importing Items via basic bibliographic formats (Endnote, BibTex, RIS, TSV, CSV) - DSpace 4.x Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=34640934">https://wiki.duraspace.org/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=34640934</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis_&gt; SubmissionLookup: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC4x/Submission+User+Interface#SubmissionUserInterface-ConfiguringSubmissionLookupservice">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC4x/Submission+User+Interface#SubmissionUserInterface-ConfiguringSubmissionLookupservice</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Submission User Interface - DSpace 4.x Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC4x/Submission+User+Interface#SubmissionUserInterface-ConfiguringSubmissionLookupservice">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC4x/Submission+User+Interface#SubmissionUserInterface-ConfiguringSubmissionLookupservice</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Agenda items 1.a and 1.c are the same?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; No, I'm confused.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: no, agenda 1.a is something different, helix84 added it: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/363">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/363</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1409 with ItemCountDAOSolr being default, show strengths by default by helix84 · Pull Request #363 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/363">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/363</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That one looks simple enough.  Do we want it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any objections to PR #363?  Do we just merge it, or do we prefer the "strengths"/counts being "off" by default?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; hi all. sorry for the late start. I've deployed DSpace-REST (JERSEY) to our QA/Staging server, and might be deploying to production this week or next. So, I'm putting some weight behind that being "stable enough" for wide spread adoption</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good, good.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis_&gt; Hi PeterDietz, I had the chance to see the Rest API n action and I have some comments</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; Since we can't run our production instance on DSpace 4.0, I've backported the commits to 1.8.x, and posted about it to the dspace-rest google group.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Regarding PR #363, I'm a bit unsure whether most folks would like these "strengths" by default or not.  Do many of you enable them?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I don't know much about this "strengths" stuff, so I can't object. :-/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we do, though I've been asked to take them off the top level communities</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; scholarworks.iupui.edu has strengths turned off.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I never really turn them on, myself. I've had too many folks complain when it shows a low number (e.g. 0 or 5 or whatever)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Disabled on all our production instances, it seems.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; for communities with lots of cross-linked collections, the strength numbers are "unfair"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDietz&gt; kstamatis_: Can you jump over to #dspace and we can chat there, without interfering with the #duraspace meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; so, that would imply that PR #363 probably should be rejected, unless a broader sample shows a real reason to enable by default</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think it's too late for 4.0, not enough time to gather a consensus.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'd prefer for strengths display to remain opt-in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~bollini@host4-65-dynamic.16-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, I'll add a comment to the ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; err. the PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Another issue to discuss (though it need not be decided before RC1, in my opinion): DS-1481</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1481">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1481</a> ] - [DS-1481] &amp;quot;dc.date.issued&amp;quot; is often incorrectly set (reported from Google) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; bollini, we were discussing <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/363">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/363</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1409 with ItemCountDAOSolr being default, show strengths by default by helix84 · Pull Request #363 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/363">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/363</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I added a note to 363 from the discussion (so far)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; to recap 1481: google says "hey, a bunch of DSpace IRs have a value of dc.date.issued that looks pretty crazy, based on what we can see by parsing the bitstreams, or looking "elsewhere"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So we have two camps:  "we mostly publish to DSpace" and "we mostly ingest stuff published elsewhere".  Serve one, disserve the other.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; (And perhaps "publish? are we publishing?")</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Richard Rodgers has a curation task written to help report on the extent of the issue in a repository, which can be run per collection or community, like any other curation task</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, with 1481, Google Scholar folks have been sending me emails off &amp; on around the incorrect "dc.date.issued" info they are seeing across DSpace sites.  It is seemingly causing headaches on their end, as it makes DSpace content sometimes harder to locate in Google Scholar (at least by date)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; part of 1481 is "helped" by disabling the Initial Questions (as it was masking the auto-assignment of dc.date.issued=today), which is already in 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; in our repository we have atmost all already published content. So we have solved that making dc.date.issued required and disabling the initial questions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As hpottinger mentions, Richard Rogers has started working on a curation task to report possible "suspect dates" in an existing repo (where dc.date.issued=dc.date.accessioned).  Cannot recall if he has that code public?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe we can document that for 4.0 and address the issue more substantially later?  Time is short.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; only few special collection have not dc.date.issued or it is not required as we use these collections for grey materials that in some way is published the first time when its archived in dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, so either assumption can even be right in one part of a single repo. and wrong in another part.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The only thing we are "leaving out" here: What do we do about SWORD  / bulk upload content? Currently, if a dc.date.issued is missing, one is assigned to "today".  I suspect this may be the worst offender in terms of auto-assigning "dc.date.issued" to something wrong.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://github.com/richardrodgers/ctask/blob/master/general/src/main/java/org/dspace/ctask/general/RoboIssueDate.java">https://github.com/richardrodgers/ctask/blob/master/general/src/main/java/org/dspace/ctask/general/RoboIssueDate.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ ctask/general/src/main/java/org/dspace/ctask/general/RoboIssueDate.java at master · richardrodgers/ctask · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/richardrodgers/ctask/blob/master/general/src/main/java/org/dspace/ctask/general/RoboIssueDate.java">https://github.com/richardrodgers/ctask/blob/master/general/src/main/java/org/dspace/ctask/general/RoboIssueDate.java</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ideally this would be pushed down to the business logic, which would look at the collection to see what is expected.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; UIs should not be making such decisions.  At most they should supply inputs to the decisions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; sword is mainly used by publisher to injest content in the repositories... they should know about dc.date.issued IMHO we should only add a big warning in the documentation saying that dc.date.issued is automatically set to the archive time if not else is providen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; right, to be honest, it's not the UIs making the decisions..it's in the DSpace API.   ItemInstall.java, IIRC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, that's where it should be.  It just needs more information.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; For now we can document the issue in the SWORD section, yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; here's the "offending" code (which always assigns dc.date.issued, no matter the source, if it's missing): <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/content/InstallItem.java#L160">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/content/InstallItem.java#L160</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/content/InstallItem.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/content/InstallItem.java#L160">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/content/InstallItem.java#L160</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I wonder if the value could be set per collection or community policy?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And that's arguably correct, if you think of DSpace as a publishing platform.  It's arguably INcorrect if you have different notions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it's a policy assumption we've made</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think it should be per-collection, possibly defaulting from a community setting, yes.  People in the wild tend to use the same DSpace both ways.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; (and policy assumptions make some repository managers shoot laser beams out of their eyes)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; hpottinger points out the problem:  policy belongs to the users, not the developers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; just to note that we have reach the time of the official meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I tend to lean towards this being an "incorrect" policy decision as we are making a big assumption and changing your disseminated metadata for you (and potentially affecting findability in Google Scholar), based on that assumption.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: no, we are in the official mtg.  It started an hour ago :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; what?!? ooh... summer time...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Changing next week in the US....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, I do understand there are two sides to the story behind 1481.  I just lean towards: we should not be assuming a value for dc.date.issued</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis_&gt; bollini: i had the same problem. I came for Jira review and it was the official meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; sorry, we have changed time last week...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yes, thanks for the heads up, DST ends this weekend, so, check your time reminder devices</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, to be clear, the meeting time is ALWAYS 20:00UTC.  So, when your local time changes, the meeting time is going to change for you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and yes, this means for USA, the meeting time is going to change next week)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So tdonohue, then we should flop the behavior, document it prominently, and maybe revisit later with an actual policy control of some sort?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; as well as "backlog hour"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I have an xclock on my desktop set to UTC for things like this meeting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ...fastly checking the IRC logs...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yea, I tend towards flipping the behavior (as long as we can handle 'dc.date.issued=null' throughout the system, which I think we can).  I like that we've removed Initial Questions, as it forces users from the UI to decide what 'dc.date.issued' really should be set to</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I think we need to do the same for SWORD/bulk ingest...we should leave dc.date.issued unset, unless specified.  We could add a special case where you could pass "dc.date.issued=today" in via bulk ingest, and just have that get "translated"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Can someone build and test a patch?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; See, if it happens in ItemIngest then I don't understand why SWORD is a special case.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: it isn't really.  Just clarifying that everything is affected.  The change to skip Initial Questions just *requires* that dc.date.issued be manually set (so it never triggers the code in InstallItem anymore...but, SWORD &amp; others still used that code in InstallItem)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If we're going to be consistent then we need to disable that assumption in InstallItem.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I think it's just removing this "if()" <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/content/InstallItem.java#L162">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/content/InstallItem.java#L162</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/content/InstallItem.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/content/InstallItem.java#L162">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/content/InstallItem.java#L162</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The Little Red Hen says:  "who will build this patch?"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The only question I had was whether there's any purpose to letting something (like SWORD or bulk ingest) pass in "today" (literally that string) to *force* DSpace to autoassign a dc.date.issued=dc.date.accessioned</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That seems reasonable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; just change the test in the if</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; You could even write "today" in the form.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; potentially (though that's not supported in the UIs right now...but perhaps it would be via REST eventually)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so it sounds like...we are changing "if (currentDateIssued.length == 0)"  INTO "if (currentDateIssued.equalsIgnoreCase("today"))" on this line: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/content/InstallItem.java#L162">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/content/InstallItem.java#L162</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/content/InstallItem.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/content/InstallItem.java#L162">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/content/InstallItem.java#L162</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; or, maybe not that exactly... currentDateIssued isn't a String, duh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, that's the idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sure.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; hmm... if it isn't a string...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it won't hold a string</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; (says Mr. Obvious) :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, there are two parts, and one can be done, the other may be doable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, true, hpottinger. Also true, mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger thinks tdonohue is close to submitting a PR for 1481</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We can remove the blanket assumption.  I agree that this is better than what we have now even though it shifts the burden from one group of sites to the other.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, I'll look into doing this.  It's a thorn for me, it seems like a one liner (or slightly more).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thank you.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If anyone has time to chip in on DS-1709 though, I'd still appreciate it. Trying to find time to do both of these before RC1 :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1709">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1709</a> ] - [DS-1709] Advanced Embargo form does not work with non-anonymous group. Embargoed items are immediately publicly available! - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; If I can test Richard's curation task, I can add it to our stable of tasks. and I will pitch in with 1709 testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. We're "overtime" here anyhow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And I need to leave.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we will try to look to it tomorrow to see how to implement in JSPUI too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thank you.  Thank you all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini &amp; hpottinger: thanks.  I think 1709 is important</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, with that, I'm not gonna call any more agenda items</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I have some PRs to hightlight</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/360">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/360</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-1711 DS-1712 DS-1466 Implement consistent definition of Private items by abollini · Pull Request #360 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/360">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/360</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; imho this is ready to merge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I will stick around here if there's more things to highlight</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: I haven't had a chance to test PR#360, but the logic seems right to me. It's at least a ton better to ensure that we are no longer withdrawing "private" items</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm all for merging #360 and testing more during Testathon. I think it looks right, just haven't had a chance to run it myself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; the other are related to solr</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/368">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/368</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Revert autocommit configuration (as is in DSpace 3.x) by lap82 · Pull Request #368 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/368">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/368</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/370">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/370</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Solr indexer improvement by lap82 · Pull Request #370 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/370">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/370</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; the first DSPR#368 is more low profile, just restore exactly the behaviour that we have in dspace 3.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/368">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/368</a> ] - Revert autocommit configuration (as is in DSpace 3.x) by lap82</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, I just reopened DS-1660, because the original PR didn't really "finish the job"  I now have a branch that does, will make a new PR, I'm wondering if I will cause headaches for JIRA if I mention the issue number in another PR?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1660">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1660</a> ] - [DS-1660] Utilize Hiera for configuration of Vagrant-DSpace - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: no, mention the ticket in as many commits/PRs as you want.  JIRA will link them up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yay!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: I'll admit, I'm not a Solr expert these days.  It seems like 368 is potentially "safer" to me, but I'm not sure I fully grasp all the advantages in 370</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; the second one is more interesting but, I'm looking to it now, need at least some rewording about the configuration option. With the second PR we can benefit of the NRT features available in SOLR 4 and have documents at most instantaneously indexed in SOLR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, I also noticed the configuration option in 370 mentions that "comment this line to not perform any commit".  Do we really want to have the option to not commit changes to Solr?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/370/files#diff-835d88df2862c3e3d90a212f74177f00R17">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/370/files#diff-835d88df2862c3e3d90a212f74177f00R17</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Solr indexer improvement by lap82 · Pull Request #370 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/370/files#diff-835d88df2862c3e3d90a212f74177f00R17">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/370/files#diff-835d88df2862c3e3d90a212f74177f00R17</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok, probably it is a little messy (I haven't had a chance to review it before that the PR has been sent).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; Actually and in dspace 3.2 the index consumer doesn't perform a commit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; this mean that changes become visible only due to the autocommit configuration (in dspace 3.2 and #368) we have autocommit every 10sec</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; the pr#370 (or at least the idea behind) is to add a programmatic commit after any index consumer operation so to have change at most immediatly reflected on the search result</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; now, we can do that because in solr 4 we have NRT, and the option to perform softcommit that are much more performant than hard commit (the standard commit, the only commit that we can use in dspace 3.2)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I like that idea behind #370.  It sounds better to me. Just want to be sure it's stable enough to add.  Again, I think I'm not as familiar with Solr here, so I don't know what to recommend</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; probably due to timeline we should go with the safer way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we restore previous behaviour as in #368</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; "safer" is better</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; and I will send an email suggestion to review (expecially to the @mire guys) the #370</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; you could always bring up #370 after RC1 to see if anyone really wants to add it in as a "bug fix" later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; it could be a big benefit in terms of performance and user experience</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, that sounds good.  I wish I knew more about Solr options these days</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I will recommend you to take a look to this blog <a href="http://www.opensourceconnections.com/2013/04/25/understanding-solr-soft-commits-and-data-durability/">http://www.opensourceconnections.com/2013/04/25/understanding-solr-soft-commits-and-data-durability/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Understanding Solr Soft Commits and Data Durability | OpenSource Connections | Solr, Big Data, and NoSQL consultants ] - <a href="http://www.opensourceconnections.com/2013/04/25/understanding-solr-soft-commits-and-data-durability/">http://www.opensourceconnections.com/2013/04/25/understanding-solr-soft-commits-and-data-durability/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I will refer to it also in my email</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks for the link</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; with solr 4 we have get in "durability" that is a very good thing... if tomcat crash we never loss data (nor statistics, nor pending search changes)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh wow. yea, I'm skimming it right now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That is a nice feature in Solr 4</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It honestly sounds nice to me. But, it would be good to get others opinions (via email), as this would be a late Solr change to DSpace 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; it is the main reason that allow us to make tuning of the other configuration... as we have durability we don't need to hardcommit every 10sec we can wait more... and improve performance... and user experience using softcommit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; yes, I agree. Better to have other eyes on that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; thanks for the extra time... sorry again for the misunderstanding</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no problem at all :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, tdonohue, give vagrant-dspace a spin now, and try setting up a local.yaml file in the config folder (just copy and modify common.yaml)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it's pretty sweet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue: I deleted my duplicate comment on DS-1481, as yours is more complete, we both made similar comments at about the same time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1481">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1481</a> ] - [DS-1481] &amp;quot;dc.date.issued&amp;quot; is often incorrectly set (reported from Google) - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, cool</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (in both cases)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kstamatis_ (2ebe3eeb@gateway/web/freenode/ip.46.190.62.235) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~bollini@host4-65-dynamic.16-87-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-67-177-111-99.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161244.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Later, taterz!)</span><br />
