<span class="irc-date">[3:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cameron.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cameron.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cameron.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cameron.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* fasseg (~ruckus@HSI-KBW-095-208-235-163.hsi5.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* fasseg (~ruckus@HSI-KBW-095-208-235-163.hsi5.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* fasseg (~ruckus@HSI-KBW-095-208-235-163.hsi5.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* fasseg (~ruckus@HSI-KBW-095-208-235-163.hsi5.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* fasseg (~ruckus@HSI-KBW-095-208-235-163.hsi5.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* fasseg (~ruckus@HSI-KBW-095-208-235-163.hsi5.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* fasseg (~ruckus@HSI-KBW-095-208-235-163.hsi5.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* fasseg (~ruckus@HSI-KBW-095-208-235-163.hsi5.kabel-badenwuerttemberg.de) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~bollini@ge-19-110-102.service.infuturo.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (~bollini@ge-19-110-102.service.infuturo.it) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamatis (b03a96bb@gateway/web/freenode/ip.176.58.150.187) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PeterDietz (~peterdiet@dietz72m1.lib.ohio-state.edu) Quit (Read error: Operation timed out)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Meeting <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-11-27">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-11-27</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2013-11-27 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-11-27">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-11-27</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Today the big topic is obviously 4.0 status updates...where do we sit with 4.0, what's left to do, what does our schedule now look like, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; RC2 is still not done.  Lots of bug fixes began  to land, and I let it slip some more.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I want to get that done this week, though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. good to know.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As noted (for those in the previous hour), we also have more JIRA tickets to review that are marked "fix for 4.0".  So, we need to triage those as well, before we release 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There's a PR for DS-1530 now.  Eyes on it would be appreciated.  It's a small problem and a small fix.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1530">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1530</a> ] - [DS-1530] create-administrator and skipping the email field - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It seems as though Bram is also working on some 4.0 Docs things (from recent emails), so it sounds like there's more documentation work left to be done as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lap1 (~l.pascare@host137-221-dynamic.55-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: haven't tested it, but your PR to 1530 looks like the "obvious fix". I'd say merge it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lap1&gt; Hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (once tested, obviously)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Tested.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hi lap1.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hi lap1 - we are doing 4.0 status updates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; mhwood: +1 to merge, seems more than straightforward</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; Hi lap1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so, it sounds like we still have several 4.0 tasks left...so, although things are getting "closer" to a 4.0 release, we probably need to tweak our release schedule a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Merged.  Thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; currently our tentative schedule has 4.0 final being released a week from today on Dec 4...that seems a bit unlikely in my mind.  I wonder if we need to push back one week?  (Dec 11)  Would give more time to do RC2, do some more testing, triage of JIRA tickets, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That is what I was thinking.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it seems reasonable to me to delay a week. I don't think rushing a release helps anyone (and I'd rather delay a bit to have time to fully prepare everything, and ensure we all do a little more testing)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So:  cut RC2 on 02-Dec, release on 11-Dec?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bollini (~bollini@host114-239-dynamic.245-95-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, that seems like a good tentative updated schedule, mhwood.  We also need to therefore work to finalize docs (preferably by Dec 6 or 9)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we may want to announce the schedule updates to dspace-release, and also check to be sure folks who are working on documentation can have things ready by Dec 6 or 9 (and if there are gaps in docs, we'll need to find volunteers)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Will do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; do you want to take care of posting updated schedule, mhwood?  I'm assuming other RT members can help ping necessary folks on documentation deadlines</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, cool, thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Help in knowing whom to contact would be appreciated.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, I guess I was assuming we knew who had "outstanding docs"?  I know Bram is working on some re-writes.  Is someone doing the Upgrade docs?  Are their any other major features that are lacking docs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I copied and adjusted the 3.x upgrade docs, and others have tweaked since then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+4.0+Tasks">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+4.0+Tasks</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 4.0 Tasks - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+4.0+Tasks">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+4.0+Tasks</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; there's a 4.0 Documentation Tasks section there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; request copy need documentation I think</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: ok, so that's good...probably just need a final runthrough or two, to ensure the upgrade process is "tested"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks for the link, helix84.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I guess the question is:  Are the RT members looking at those 4.0 docs tasks?  Do you need help? (If so, someone should also ask on mailing lists, since we are a smallish group today)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I have no docs task on todo list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Made a note to pursue the doc tasks.  And I have a bit of feature documentation to do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I admit, Documentation is never 100% perfect. So, we have to somewhate assume that folks who built features have given us the proper docs.  But, it'd be good to have a few folks quickly review the main features (highlighted in our release notes) to ensure they all have docs, and also review those tickets marked "changes-config"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok. So, I'd recommend that the RT ask for help if you need it on finalizing Docs.  Just email -release or -commit, and hopefully we can get some others to chip in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Noted, will do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; we could add a help link beside any features item so to make evident where doc is missing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bollini&gt; I mean in the release note</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bollini: good idea. If someone tries to link up all the new features to docs (on the release notes page) it should be evident which ones have no docs yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+4.0+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+4.0+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 4.0 Notes - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+4.0+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+4.0+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (Many of those features already are linked up too their docs, which is great)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good idea.  Noted.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I also added it to the list of "Documentation Tasks"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so it sounds like we have a good handle on what is left regarding Documentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; On the JIRA tickets side of things, do we want to schedule a separate "triage" meeting to review the rest of the 'fix for 4.0' tickets?  (hopefully most can be either rescheduled or closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It's either that, or we can use next week's JIRA Backlog Hour for this again...and then see if we need another meeting later next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We should, if it's possible.  They will have to be adjusted anyway, at some point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm fine with either route, really.  We could just repurpose the JIRA Backlog Hour again (19:00UTC on Weds, Dec 4) to see how far we can get. And before then, we can encourage folks to individually do some reviews to reschedule/close "obvious" tickets.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Shall we do that, then?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, I'm not against a separate meeting...just wanted to ask what you all want to do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Actually, though, that is after RC2 should come out, so maybe we need to just ask:  is there anything left on that list that we *must have* in 4.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Anything that lands after RC2 is going to mean an RC3 and pushing release back again.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Anything not well under way now, probably ought to move to 4.1.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yes, it could mean the need for an RC3, you are correct.  And, I agree, anything not underway should move to 4.1, unless we notice something of extremely high importance</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we could do a separate triage meeting on Monday, if that was better. But, we'd need to advertise it, as we are a "smallish" group here today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i can't make it on Monday this time, I could do Tuesday, though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Tuesday, Dec 3 at either 19:00UTC or 20:00UTC works for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I could do that.  RC2 still goes out Monday, though, right?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea..so either way, we miss RC2 and possibly risk an RC3.  Just not sure if we are going to avoid that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We have two Major issues, both assigned.  The rest are Minor or Trivial.  I think we could release without any of those, if we had to.  Would rather have them all dealt with, but that seems unlikely.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* simpleirc2 (~bollini@host114-239-dynamic.245-95-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* simpleirc2 (~bollini@host114-239-dynamic.245-95-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; what if we do the triage meeting tomorrow instead?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So:  RC2 on Monday, 4.0 bug triage and decide whether we must have an RC3 on Tuesday?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: tomorrow is a major USA holiday (Thanksgiving). Everyone in the USA is off work (I'll be offline tomorrow &amp; Fri)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's a holiday in US.  It will be difficult to arrange time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: sorry, I forgot about that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* simpleirc2 (~simpleirc@host114-239-dynamic.245-95-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bollini (~bollini@host114-239-dynamic.245-95-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) Quit (Ping timeout: 272 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Friday would not be so difficult for me.  Others may be travelling.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I won't make it on Friday</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Could do RC2 on Wednesday.  That gives one week to new release date, and a couple more work days before RC2.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think it's really up to the "release team" (though I know not all of you are even here).  Honestly, RC's are not that difficult to release.  So, it'd also be possible to do:   RC2 on Monday, Triage on Tues or Weds, (as needed) RC3 on Weds on Thurs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The difficulty is getting "must do" items done in one day.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There's nothing that says we can only do one RC per week. So, there could be multiple next wee as needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; That is true.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, mhwood, if it's easier...why not:  RC2 on Tues, Triage on Weds (during JIRA Backlog Hour), (as needed) RC3 on Thurs/Fri, Final Docs preferably by Fri, Final Release aiming for Weds, Dec 11</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that gives Monday as a day to complete "must do" items before RC2 on Tues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Very tight timing, but unless something Critical turns up, the triage session should just be rescheduling issues.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We could do that.  Other opinions?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;simpleirc2&gt; I'm ok with the proposed schedule</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, I agree it's a bit tight.  The lesson is likely that triage should have been done a few weeks ago :/  But, if we "miss" the timing, we can push back the release to Fri, Dec 13 or even Weds, Dec 18.  There's still time to fit it into "December"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We can, and if need be, we will, but I'm inclined to let the release date push back at us, hard.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We'll do what we have to, to get a good release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: oh yes, I agree. Hence why I suggested the tight timeframe.  Just noting that if we find something in triage, we still can tweak the schedule if we need to.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm working against my own nature, which tends to make dates too flexible. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Absolutely.  If we have to fix something, it will get time to be fixed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so it sounds like we have a new timeline.  Could an RT member announce it to -release (and possibly -commit)?  Just want to make sure everyone else gets the message.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I will do that.  As you suggested:  RC2 Tue, Triage Wed 1900UTC, RC3 Thu/Fri if needed, Docs Fri, Release 11-Dec.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; sounds great.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so I don't have any more agenda items.  Any last thoughts/questions/comments before we close up the meeting?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Any chance of moving "search interfaces" to the top of the next agenda?  It has been starved for several weeks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: could you please send a reminder email on Mon/Tue about the extraordinary Tue meeting?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We could limit debate to 10min. or so if necessary.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Reminder mail:  will do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Wait, what Tuesday meeting?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; oh, I misread</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: oh, that "search interfaces" note is a JIRA ticket now too. DS-1789</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1789">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1789</a> ] - [DS-1789] Deprecate Lucene Java classes - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; there is no meeting on Tues. We decided to repurpose the "JIRA Backlog Hour" for the Triage Meeting (Weds, 19:00UTC)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yes, sorry</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kstamatis (b03a96bb@gateway/web/freenode/ip.176.58.150.187) Quit (Ping timeout: 250 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Regarding my ongoing "Search Interfaces" topic #2 in the agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-11-27">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-11-27</a>    We could either talk briefly now, or folks could add thoughts or +1 to the DS-1789 ticket suggested for 4.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1789">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1789</a> ] - [DS-1789] Deprecate Lucene Java classes - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2013-11-27 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-11-27">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2013-11-27</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Your "+1/-1" I meant to type.... I personally feel we should deprecate these Lucene Java classes, as it sounds like they will go away or be replaced in 5.0. Which is why I created that 1789 ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'm fine with that, too. As we talked, there could be a Lucene backend implemented via Discovery if there's a volunteer who wants that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think it's reasonable to pull the embedded search stuff out.  I have not been able to imagine why we want both.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We have Solr anyway for other uses.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamatis (b03a96bb@gateway/web/freenode/ip.176.58.150.187) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes: unfortunately I need to head out of here shortly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* simpleirc2 (~simpleirc@host114-239-dynamic.245-95-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I have to unfortunately head out of here.  As 1789 is marked for 4.0 anyhow, I'm assuming we'll have to talk through it next week (either during the triage or the later meeting).  In the meantime, feel free to add your thoughts</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm going to go ahead and close the meeting now, as we don't seem to have any other topics for today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Schedule update:  was that to -commit, not -devel?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;lap1&gt; mwhood: yes i remember that tim say -commit and -release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Going out to the lists before I leave today:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Clearly I have let RC2 slip.  As discussed today on #duraspace, we</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; have a new schedule for remaining events:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; o  RC2 will be cut on 03-Dec-2013.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; o  The regular JIRA review IRC meeting on 04-Dec-2013 will be another</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt;    4.0 bug triage session.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; o  If there are issues not addressed in RC2 that cannot wait, RC3 will</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt;    be cut 05- or 06-Dec-2013.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; o  Documentation should be made ready by 06-Dec-2013.  Some areas of</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt;    focus can be found under Documentation Tasks in:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt;       <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+4.0+Tasks">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+4.0+Tasks</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; o  If no Critical or Blocker issues are found, DSpace 4.0 will be</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt;    released on 11-Dec-2013.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 4.0 Tasks - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+4.0+Tasks">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+4.0+Tasks</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lap1 (~l.pascare@host137-221-dynamic.55-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lap1 (~l.pascare@host137-221-dynamic.55-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* lap1 (~l.pascare@host137-221-dynamic.55-79-r.retail.telecomitalia.it) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kstamatis (b03a96bb@gateway/web/freenode/ip.176.58.150.187) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-50-179-112-246.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
