<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:00]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pnbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@h21.125.130.174.dynamic.ip.windstream.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz_ (~peterdiet@server112.longsightgroup.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@h21.125.130.174.dynamic.ip.windstream.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz_ is now known as peterdietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@216.106.51.118.reverse.socket.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz_ (~peterdiet@h21.125.130.174.dynamic.ip.windstream.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@server112.longsightgroup.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 272 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz_ is now known as peterdietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger_ (~hpottinge@173.154.243.227) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@216.106.51.118.reverse.socket.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 272 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:54]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger_ (~hpottinge@173.154.243.227) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@173.154.243.227) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@h21.125.130.174.dynamic.ip.windstream.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@server112.longsightgroup.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (81d7ec36@gateway/web/freenode/ip.129.215.236.54) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (81d7ec36@gateway/web/freenode/ip.129.215.236.54) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint_ (81d7ec36@gateway/web/freenode/ip.129.215.236.54) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint_ (81d7ec36@gateway/web/freenode/ip.129.215.236.54) Quit (Client Quit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (81d7ec36@gateway/web/freenode/ip.129.215.236.54) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Welcome all, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Meeting.  Today's rough agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-08-13">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-08-13</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-08-13 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-08-13">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-08-13</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll kick things off with the usual DSpace 5.0 reminders ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1) The 5.0 PR Feature Freeze is in less than 2 months (tentative for Oct 6)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2) We are still in search of a few more 5.0 Release Team members. We can use all the help we can get, especially since we already have a large number of PRs coming in for review &amp; possible inclusion into 5.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I didn't have anything else specific to mention about 5.0 today. But, I did want to leave some time here if anyone has updates they want to share, or is looking for feedback on something they are working on for 5.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'll pause for a moment to see if anyone has 5.0 related topics to bring up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Can I jump in selfishly with <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/601">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/601</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-2088 Record bitstream downloads as Google Analytics events by robintaylor · Pull Request #601 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/601">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/601</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; go for it, robint</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Its pretty small and trivial but is a precursor to other work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Are you just looking for feedback / a review?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Yep</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; There are lots of things we could record in Google Analytics so I would like to get something committed as an example</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; is recordGoogleAnalytics() redundant between JSPUI and XMLUI?  Should it perhaps move to dspace-api?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Sml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mhwood: possibly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Sorry, phone typing...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: I like the idea. A minor thing that jumped out at me.  The JSPUI and XMLUI have separate configs for Google Analytics. Looks like you are using the XMLUI one for your JSPUI changes: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/601/files#diff-10894a23304a3c121db9e80095441fe2R241">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/601/files#diff-10894a23304a3c121db9e80095441fe2R241</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-2088 Record bitstream downloads as Google Analytics events by robintaylor · Pull Request #601 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/601/files#diff-10894a23304a3c121db9e80095441fe2R241">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/601/files#diff-10894a23304a3c121db9e80095441fe2R241</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The idea is sound.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Doh! thanks tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, +1 to the idea.  I also wonder though if we should move the general logic into API somewhere... I hate to duplicate the HTTP post in two places...as it would need to be kept in sync at all times, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; mhwood: I think if it grew then into something more substantial it should probably be refactored into dspace-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: true, that's another way of looking at it, I guess</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I would say we trust you, if it is a small change.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Perhaps just drop a comment on each copy, noting the other copy and the possibility of factoring them out.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Unfortuntely the methods are a wee bit different so its debatable whetehr we would gain anything at the moment by factoring out the common code, but I'll look again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; thanks for the feedback</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; seems reasonable to just drop in a comment, like mhwood says.  It's small enough duplication that maybe it's OK for now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; After the minor fix &amp; an added comment, I'd say +1 to getting this in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; OK, I only mention this at first glance, and you know the code better.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Good stuff, I'll not hog the meeting any longer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; One other comment:  if it's simple, you might want a rather short timeout on the exchange.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I'll look at that, thanks mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; one last minor thing, robint:  There's several "log.info" calls which might be better as "log.debug".  Not sure we want to fill up logs with comments of posting things to Google Analytics?  E.g. <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/601/files#diff-10894a23304a3c121db9e80095441fe2R265">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/601/files#diff-10894a23304a3c121db9e80095441fe2R265</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-2088 Record bitstream downloads as Google Analytics events by robintaylor · Pull Request #601 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/601/files#diff-10894a23304a3c121db9e80095441fe2R265">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/601/files#diff-10894a23304a3c121db9e80095441fe2R265</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Ok, I'll noted these things on the Jira and change the code. Cheers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; noted/note</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks, robint!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone else have something to discuss for 5.0?  Or something that is an early dependency for other later work?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Tdonohue, want to mention your new unit test?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll go ahead and mention that (in spare time) in the last few weeks, I've done some larger refactoring/cleanup of our Unit Testing framework...all in this bigger PR: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/600">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/600</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-2080 Cleanup bad/broken tests, and upgrade to latest JUnit and JMockit by tdonohue · Pull Request #600 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/600">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/600</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This PR is fully functional, EXCEPT that it has discovered a "hidden" bug in our API....which hpottinger also logged as DS-2086</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2086">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2086</a> ] - [DS-2086] SQL error thrown when deleting a community: ORA-02292: integrity constraint violated - child record found - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pnbecker&gt; tdonohue +1 for DS-2080. Great work!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2080">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2080</a> ] - [DS-2080] Cleanup bad/broken Unit Tests by ensuring they are independent - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, in the PR, I've updated our Unit Testing Framework to the latest JUnit, JMocket &amp; H2 database.  I've also switched it to use the *ORACLE* database Schema (rather than supporting a separate H2 schema, which we were failing to maintatin)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Does the bug only occur if there are related parent or child communities?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm hoping that we can find a way to squash the bug in Ds-2086 very quickly, as I'd like to get these Unit Test fixes into "master" as I think they will stabilize our Travis builds even further</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: 2086 seems to only occur when you are deleting a Community which has both a Sub-Community and a Sub-Sub-Community</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Just want to note my appointment is done, about to drive home, connection will drop, will check back when I get home.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; So is the correct behaviour that deleting a community should delete any subcommunities and collections?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Or should we instruct the user that they exist and that they should be deleted first?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: currently in the UIs, we warn Admins that deleting a Community will delete any subcommunities &amp; collections &amp; Items under it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Oh ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I guess we could *change* that, and tell them to cleanup first.  But, it has the potential to lead to a lot of cleanup</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Looking it over yesterday with hpottinger, it looked to me as though something is calling Community.delete when it should be calling removeSubcommunity.  The latter cleans up the community2community table, which is mentioned in the error.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I didn't trace things thoroughly....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I could investigate tomorrow, seems a fair trade for getting my PP reviewed today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, our API *attempts* to actually cleanup everything....but it encounters a Database error right now (at least on both Oracle &amp; H2 -- not sure about PostgreSQL yet)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; PP/PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: if you could help investigate, that would be appreciated</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: that is a nice hint...I still haven't had a chance to dig deeply enough to figure out where our logic goes wrong</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; ok, I've assigned to me and expect to be able to look at it soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@173.154.243.227) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger_ (~hpottinge@173.154.243.227) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, that's all I really had to say about the Unit Testing Framework refactoring/cleanup.  It's nearly ready to go, but it does throw a "known" error right now cause of 2086.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger_ (~hpottinge@173.154.243.227) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@173.154.243.227) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good to have all that cleaned up.  Thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pnbecker&gt; currently the Travis CI breaks sometimes on some EPerson tests.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pnbecker&gt; tdonohue: do you think your work will repair that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger_ (~hpottinge@161.130.188.149) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pnbecker&gt; and as I said before: great work! thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pnbecker: yep...I fixed a ton of tests which can sometimes cause random failures.  Essentially there were many areas where our Unit Tests assumed that the tests will be run *in the order that they appear*.  However, that is NOT promised by latest JUnit (as Java 7 itself cannot promise order of operations).  So, random failures did occur if things were run in different ordering.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pnbecker&gt; :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pnbecker: but, I *think* I found and fixed all those tests that could throw random errors</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* AndChat-288756 (~hpottinge@174-154-231-248.pools.spcsdns.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone else have updates to share for 5.0? Or anything they are actively working on?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Nothing else to report at the moment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@173.154.243.227) Quit (Ping timeout: 272 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* pnbecker is still working on rdf/linked data support. but nothing to talk about right now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, not hearing any other specific updates...so we can move along to other topics :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger_ (~hpottinge@161.130.188.149) Quit (Ping timeout: 272 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@216.106.51.118.reverse.socket.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next topic: I know this has been in discussion for some time (and I've kinda let this slip)....but I'd like to announce to dspace-tech that we will now *also* support DSpace Q&amp;A on StackOverflow.  Any objections or final thoughts on that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (Actually I'd probably announce that to *all lists*...not just -tech)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pnbecker&gt; no objection. Just - as I wrote you personally before - I think we should use stackoverflow and serverfault.com</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pnbecker&gt; both are sides from stack exchange.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pnbecker&gt; stackoverflow is for development, server vault for things that normaly gets discussed on -tech.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pnbecker&gt; s/vaul/fault</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; pnbecker meant to say: stackoverflow is for development, server faultt for things that normaly gets discussed on -tech.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pnbecker: admittedly, it seems like there's already a lot of Install/Config related questions on StackOverflow....even though I understand that ServerFault is *meant* for that, it seems like a ton of overlap already</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* AndChat-288756 (~hpottinge@174-154-231-248.pools.spcsdns.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 272 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ServerFault also doesn't yet have a "dspace" tag. I guess we could create one there and also monitor it just in case though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger_ (~hpottinge@216.106.51.118.reverse.socket.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pnbecker&gt; as long as no configuration questions are closed on stackoverflow as not beeing development related, I'm fine with it. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I do agree in concept.  We'd want to keep an eye on DSpace questions elsewhere on StackExchange sites... I was mostly just wanting to start with StackOverflow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Apologies but I have to sneak away. Cheers all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (81d7ec36@gateway/web/freenode/ip.129.215.236.54) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pnbecker: yep, if folks start closing questions on stackoverflow, we'd definitely need to rethink &amp; restrategize</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other thoughts on this?  Just want to be sure there's no other disagreements before we move forward here..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK. hearing nothing else. I'll consider the idea "finalized" and go ahead and draft up an announcement to our mailing lists.  Then we'll just have to wait to see if anyone decides to use StackOverflow or not</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Last topic for today.  You may have noticed we are gathering a rather large PR backlog (up to 90 now): <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm subscribed to the dspace tag on SO.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; *Most* of these have actually been created in 2014 (57 of them): <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+created%3A%3E%3D2014-01-01">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+created%3A%3E%3D2014-01-01</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+created%3A%3E%3D2014-01-01">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+created%3A%3E%3D2014-01-01</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, we need to strategize how best to start tackling this backlog...especially to help ensure that we can get as many ready for 5.0 as we can</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; back home, re the PR backlog, I'd like to ask, if you're a committer and there is a PR in our backlog that belongs to you, if it's a "minor change" please consider merging it. If it's not a minor change, please wrangle the testing you need.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; if you're not a committer, but your PR is minor, find a committer to test and merge for you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; and, if you're not a committer, and your PR is "rather large" you should definitely be wrangling a committer or two to test for you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm also considering trying to find an hour or two to go through and quickly "label" all these PRs as "bug" vs. "feature" (if folks think that would be useful).  Obviously we have this categorization in JIRA tickets, but it's hard to parse out in GitHub itself.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; Andrea Bolinni last year made a JS fiddle that handled linking up JIRA with GitHub PRs, it was helpful</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We may also wish to find a way to "label" any PRs which are essentially "outdated" or unacceptable as-is.  I know some of the oldest PRs are basically "broken" or works-in-progress which were never finished</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pnbecker&gt; tdonohue: I think it would be more important to see if tickets for all of the prs exists and if they are labled with has pull-request.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; tdonohue: I think you labeled the PRs with a milestone in GitHub?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pnbecker: I think most/nearly all PRs do have a JIRA ticket.  But some of those tickets are either waiting to be reviewed or are sitting in the "Needs Code Review" status.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; if we can get a list together of PRs that need review, we can start asking folks to look at that list and chip in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yes, it is possible to create "milestones" in GitHub to essentially "schedule" some PRs for things like "5.0-feature-freeze".  We did that last year with the "4.0-feature-freeze"...we flagged certain PRs for that, and concentrated on getting those reviewed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; that was amazingly helpful, if memory serves, basically GitHub's interface took over a job we were doing by hand</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The overall issue here is that obviously we are using two systems at once (JIRA &amp; GitHub PRs) which unfortunately don't "sync" well.  So, we have to determine what we want to do within each system.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger_: I think the idea of  "Feature-freeze" milestone did work out well. I'd want the 5.0 Release Team to try and help lead that though, even though I'd love to help.  We could even schedule this for a future meeting (or "Backlog" hour), if needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; OK, we'll put our heads together and see what we can do to tie the systems together again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea...just looking for ideas on how we want to manage this. Some things GitHub does really well (especially searching/filtering PRs), and others JIRA does better (e.g. having a ticket workflow process, etc.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Mostly, I just wanted to bring this up.. we have a lot of code changes "just waiting" for us...we just need to try and come up with some strategies to review them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; just looking at the PR list can be a bit daunting, I know it helps for us to sort the list into piles: ready to go; needs rebase; etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, ideas are obviously welcome going forward.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; as are volunteers for the RT :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Of course!  yes, Release Team volunteers are more than welcome :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@216.106.51.118.reverse.socket.net) Quit (Disconnected by services)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger_ is now known as hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, we are now at one hour. So, I'm not going to call any more topics for today (besides that's all that was on our agenda).  If anyone has agenda topics for next week, feel free to pass them along.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; At this point though, the official meeting is adjourned. I'll be hanging around for a while though, if any other topics come up, or anyone has anything informal to discuss</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger_ (~hpottinge@216.106.51.118.reverse.socket.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger_ (~hpottinge@216.106.51.118.reverse.socket.net) Quit (Disconnected by services)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, I think we had some interest in testing DSPR#600?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/600">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/600</a> ] - DS-2080 Cleanup bad/broken tests, and upgrade to latest JUnit and JMockit by tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; looking at the transcript, it seems robint volunteered to pitch in with DS-2080 and DS-2086</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2080">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2080</a> ] - [DS-2080] Cleanup bad/broken Unit Tests by ensuring they are independent - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2086">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2086</a> ] - [DS-2086] SQL error thrown when deleting a community: ORA-02292: integrity constraint violated - child record found - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yes, robint said he could try and help look at it tomorrow as needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and I see he even assigned 2086 to himself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I see the same</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It doesn't stop others from digging in as well, I just know he wanted to ensure it got extra eyes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; indeed, I can confirm you can test PR #600 in vagrant-dspace pretty easily</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; also, I'm just tacking this link on at the end of the transcript: <a href="http://puppetlabs.com/blog/free-tickets-puppetconf-2014-minorities-tech">http://puppetlabs.com/blog/free-tickets-puppetconf-2014-minorities-tech</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Free Tickets to PuppetConf 2014 for Minorities in Tech | Puppet Labs ] - <a href="http://puppetlabs.com/blog/free-tickets-puppetconf-2014-minorities-tech">http://puppetlabs.com/blog/free-tickets-puppetconf-2014-minorities-tech</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; also, it looks like Mirage2 is one step closer to merging</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; see DS-2052, most recent comment from Bram</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2052">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2052</a> ] - [DS-2052] Mirage 2 Responsive theme for the XMLUI - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@216.106.51.118.reverse.socket.net) Quit (Quit: Later, taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pnbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Disconnected.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:50]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:50]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:50]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:50]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
