<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[9:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Jessedhammu (~Thunderbi@14.139.58.194) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Jessedhammu&gt; can anyone help me with dspace upgrade</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Jessedhammu (~Thunderbi@14.139.58.194) Quit (Quit: Jessedhammu)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@162-231-22-3.lightspeed.clmboh.sbcglobal.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@162-231-22-3.lightspeed.clmboh.sbcglobal.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 245 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@server112.longsightgroup.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz_ (~peterdiet@server112.longsightgroup.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@server112.longsightgroup.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz_ is now known as peterdietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kohts (5b4ea18a@gateway/web/freenode/ip.91.78.161.138) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz_ (~peterdiet@162-231-22-3.lightspeed.clmboh.sbcglobal.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:12]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@server112.longsightgroup.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 264 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz_ is now known as peterdietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz_ (~peterdiet@server112.longsightgroup.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@162-231-22-3.lightspeed.clmboh.sbcglobal.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 276 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz_ is now known as peterdietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* vtkeithg (~vtkeithg@vtkeithg.lib.vt.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:52]</span> <span class="irc-green">* robint (5eaf588c@gateway/web/freenode/ip.94.175.88.140) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d5153D041.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers meeting. Today's agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-09-03">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-09-03</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-09-03 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-09-03">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-09-03</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll kick off with a few of the usual "housekeeping" notes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1. REMINDER that our deadline for Feature Pull Requests is in just one month (Oct 6).  I know we always recommend getting Feature PRs in early though (and most of you already have), as it increases the probability they will be accepted for 5.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2. Again, we're still looking for 1-2 more 5.0 Release Team members. No prior experience required. You don't even need to be a Committer. If you are interested, get in touch with myself or the other 5.0 RT members (peterdietz and hpottinger)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That's it for the usual announcements... I'll keep it brief today, as you've all heard these before in past weeks, I'm sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; just to tack on to tdonohue's note that we'd like a few more RT members, the schedule is still a *draft*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; It's basically the same schedule we always use, just adjusted to work with the 2014 calendar, but, still, typically the RT discusses and we all vote on the schedule</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger...good point. On that note, I'd actually recommend we finalize the schedule today then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Things have frequently slammed at the last minute, so delays could happen if there is too many late things, or things past the deadline. Though the goal is to have useful, yet stable releases on regular release schedules</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't think it's a good idea to go much further without a finalized 5.0 schedule (even if we are still in search of a few RT members).  Developers need to know when the PRs are "due". If we keep the schedule tentative, then we are more likely to keep pushing back those due dates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Unusually I think many of the bigger features are already out in the open</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; agreed, and as I said, this same schedule has worked in the past (for 3.0 and 4.0)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; happily!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: yep! I do agree, it's been awesome. I do think most or maybe all major features are already in PR form...but you never know if something is still "hiding" out there ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; one of my goals still is REST + auth. I had a chat with kshepherd yesterday. There's no code, just an idea of something that would be useful. It could be wise to follow up with people who gave sweet presentations at OR2014, to say, we saw your awesome features, why not contribute</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, peterdietz &amp; hpottinger, as our current 5.0 RT, do you approve the schedule posted at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status#DSpaceRelease5.0Status-TimelineandProcessing">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status#DSpaceRelease5.0Status-TimelineandProcessing</a> ?   Or do you want to make further tweaks and come back to use with a final schedule?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 5.0 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status#DSpaceRelease5.0Status-TimelineandProcessing">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status#DSpaceRelease5.0Status-TimelineandProcessing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; well... speaking of big features hiding, anybody have anything like that? :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; i.e. super Control Panel</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; <a href="https://atmire.com/website/sites/default/files/lindat-log-viewer.png">https://atmire.com/website/sites/default/files/lindat-log-viewer.png</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; re: schedule for 5.0, it looks fine to me, has worked for the past 2 major versions, see no reason to change it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; peterdietz: does that trawl through the logs behind the scenes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; hpottinger: agreed, stick with the tried and tested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds good then. So, the 5.0 Schedule is official and is posted at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status#DSpaceRelease5.0Status-TimelineandProcessing">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status#DSpaceRelease5.0Status-TimelineandProcessing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 5.0 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status#DSpaceRelease5.0Status-TimelineandProcessing">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Status#DSpaceRelease5.0Status-TimelineandProcessing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Bram has a report on it. <a href="https://atmire.com/website/?q=content/open-repositories-2014-report">https://atmire.com/website/?q=content/open-repositories-2014-report</a>   -- Yeah, that thing must do some calculating. Its from Lindat / Czech</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Open Repositories 2014 report | atmire ] - <a href="https://atmire.com/website/?q=content/open-repositories-2014-report">https://atmire.com/website/?q=content/open-repositories-2014-report</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; peterdietz: thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other general topics of note for 5.0?  Or should we move along to reviewing some of the 5.0 Feature PRs which have already been submitted (as we've been doing in recent weeks)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I would like to raise a complete solution for the “metadata for all” problem, I fired a pul request for it today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yay!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Not sure if everybody has taken note: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/629">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/629</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Support Metadata On All DSpaceObjects by KevinVdV · Pull Request #629 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/629">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/629</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (~cknowles@cpc19-sgyl35-2-0-cust180.18-2.cable.virginm.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger thinks he needs to devote a day a week to just play with incoming PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; A summary of the PR is also in this comment: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1582?focusedCommentId=36960&amp;page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-36960">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1582?focusedCommentId=36960&amp;page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-36960</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-1582] All DSpaceObjects should have metadata support - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1582?focusedCommentId=36960&amp;page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-36960">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1582?focusedCommentId=36960&amp;page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-36960</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1582">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1582</a> ] - [DS-1582] All DSpaceObjects should have metadata support - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; KevinVdV++ This should be a really great improvement.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV...how thoroughly tested is this PR?  Does it need some banging on?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Some baging is always recommended. I have performed a lot of test on it myself, but there are a lot of code changes &amp; a lot of code to test…. so I’m not saying it will be 100% foul proof</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, it sounds like we need some volunteers to try out this PR...especially trying to migrate some existing data and play around with it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It all *sounds* good to me, but I'd want to get some testers before we jump to merging...as it's a pretty massive (but exciting) change</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And we need to be VERY careful that there's no data loss in the migrations, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV: one last question for you on this.. I'm assuming that since most of these changes are at the API level, that the UIs (and interfaces like OAI/SWORD/REST) all should "work"?  I.e. is there anything left to be done other than test it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Well all that requires testing on a UI level would be to make sure that all data is stored (some metadata fields can only be entered in the UI)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; But beside that no changes where made to to the UI to support ithis.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; wow. This is truly awesome, KevinVdV.  I'm excited!  I'm actually away for the rest of this week, but hopefully I'll find some time to try this out myself next week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's nearly all just pushing Item methods up to DSpaceObject, right?  The changes hide in there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Indeed mhwood that is what happens</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So the UIs should not see much difference.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; None at all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; But now people have the ability to easily add “metadata” on all objects</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Now, where is my ever-growing list of things I could do with that...? :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; cool, discovery for collections, define a facet to round up your collections</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; dang.  5.0 is going to be a pretty amazing release. :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK. So do we have some other folks willing to help give some testing towards DSPR#629?  I'll raise my hand, but I won't get to it until next week (likely mid-to-late next week).  Others willing to help?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/629">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/629</a> ] - Support Metadata On All DSpaceObjects by KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; my repository admins have asked for this in the past</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, based on that, I raise my hand</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* mhwood tries to think how he will test.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I'll test it as well. I think I wanted to include SITE as extending DSO, so that I could add some metadata at the site level</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: my plan would be: (1) copy a production database....(2) spin up a copy of a Production site...(3) pull down the PR, run the DB migration scripts, (4) Test it!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; i.e. a simple way to get some DynamicConfigs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; earlier peterdietz brought up the lindat log viewer, I note that they have their code openly available <a href="https://svn.ms.mff.cuni.cz/repository/ufal_dl/">https://svn.ms.mff.cuni.cz/repository/ufal_dl/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Index of /repository/ufal_dl ] - <a href="https://svn.ms.mff.cuni.cz/repository/ufal_dl/">https://svn.ms.mff.cuni.cz/repository/ufal_dl/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I think lindat is based on 1.8, tons tons tons of customizations. The git clone was kind of slow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; you'd have to dust off your SVN skillz, obviously</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I think it IS a git repo, just with svn in the hostname. Should a repository be penalized for having the software name in the hostname? ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, sounds like we have a handful of testers for the PR #629.  Anyone else is obviously welcome to also test it, and provide your feedback in the PR itself.  Hopefully we can revisit this PR next week to see where we stand.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; peterdietz: what a daft idea :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I dunno, I'm not in the metrics biz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I know robint also wanted to talk about his PR for DS-2108 today.  Since I think we've "wrapped up" immediate discussion of Metadata for All, I'd suggest we move on to that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2108">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2108</a> ] - [DS-2108] Add an XMLUI aspect to report Google Analytics stats - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#615</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/615">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/615</a> ] - DS-2108 Add an XMLUI aspect to report Google Analytics stats by robintaylor</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I am hoping this is uncontroversial</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Just an new XMLUI aspect, no changes to core code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Bram has kindly done some testing which resulted in some changes to the instructions, but not the code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Mirage2...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Yep</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; just for Mirage2 at the moment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; but only because I haven't done the UI development for other themes or the JSPUI</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Its restricted to Mirage2 only because Mirage2 handles the incorporation on Javascript's a little differently</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It seems reasonable to me. It's fine if it's just Mirage 2 for now, we'd just need to document that.   Only immediate comment is that it likely shouldn't have it's own messages.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; ...and I haven't backported it to use the pre Mirage2 method</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: agreed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Hmm, I know I'm in the minority here but I like to see pluggables like Aspects having their own message catalogs.  There, I said it, I'm done.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; I just created its own messages.xml to avoid the PR becoming unmerageable if other PRs got merged first</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; happy to go either way :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: while I agree in "theory", it's a huge headache for translators (until we come up with a better "translation" system).  Doing it that way means translators have to "search" the codebase for a million little messages.xml files to translate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If we had a better translation system/process, we could split these apart more...but we don't have that yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I should try doing a translation myself, and then I'd know.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, for now, we are stuck with one-big-messages.xml until we find a better way to manage translations per aspect/module</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And, If anyone out there has ideas for better ways to manage translations of DSpace...we honestly need help/volunteers in that realm</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, back to 615...it does seem reasonable to me.  Sounds like Bram is already testing it out and giving feedback, which is great.  Just needs a few +1 votes (and documentation) to get it in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I might be able to give it a look as well, but wouldn't be able to do so until next week sometime.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; documentation nudge duly noted :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, it looks like you have the starts to some good config documentation in the "google-analytics.cfg" file itself, which is nice :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Yeah, I just didn't want to put anything into the 5.0 docs unless it was approved</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone else willing to help give DSPR#615 a spin in the next week or so?  Sounds like mostly we just need a few +1 votes here...everyone seems supportive of the idea thus far</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/615">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/615</a> ] - DS-2108 Add an XMLUI aspect to report Google Analytics stats by robintaylor</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, well, at least it sounds like we have Bram...and I'll give it a look. We can prod other folks later on as needed :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: thanks, its not easy finding time to test PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; my dance card is filling up, but I'll see what I can do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other topics / Feature PRs to bring up for today?  We've got about 10 mins left....and I don't have another else on the agenda for today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We've got a quiet group today! :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Too busy testing PRs!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Well... with no other topics at hand, we can close up the meeting early today then. I honestly don't have anything else to bring up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; tdonohue: Did you say you are away next week?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and, you all better be thinking about volunteering for the 5.0 RT...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger stares around the room</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As a minor sidenote, I'm going to be mostly offline from Tomorrow through Monday.  So, if you email me, I'm not ignoring you...I'm just not going to be able to check email.  I'm heading to a semi-remote area of Alaska for my brother's wedding (he lives there)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; robint: This week :) After today, I'm back in the office on Tues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Enjoy Alaska : )</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I hope to! It'll be a brief trip, but I've never been before :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;robint&gt; Time to head off, cheers all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* robint (5eaf588c@gateway/web/freenode/ip.94.175.88.140) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (~cknowles@cpc19-sgyl35-2-0-cust180.18-2.cable.virginm.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, the official meeting is closed now. I'll be lurking around for a bit if anything comes up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Also need to run, until next time ! Have fun testing the metadata for all pull request ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d5153D041.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* vtkeithg (~vtkeithg@vtkeithg.lib.vt.edu) Quit (Quit: vtkeithg)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kohts (5b4ea18a@gateway/web/freenode/ip.91.78.161.138) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:31]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@server112.longsightgroup.com) Quit (Quit: peterdietz)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161174.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
