<span class="irc-date">[0:03]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:03]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:03]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:03]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-rajaniemi.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:15]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cameron.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:15]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cameron.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:15]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cameron.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:15]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-cameron.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[0:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:02]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:02]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:02]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:02]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@atlas.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* edInCo (~smuxi@seta.coalliance.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161244.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger is kind of distracted, but is pretty sure there's supposed to be a meeting today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger is in no condition to lead it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood1 (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; Oh, good:  splits.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood1: do we have a quorum here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; Did we?  I haven't heard from anyone but you today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we have an RT quorum at any rate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; True.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think we need one more committer to speak up in order to decide anything</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger wanders around the room, poking lurkers, helix84, kshepherd, PeterDie_ </span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; There are still four tickets open on 4.1.  One is still unassigned needs-volunteer.  At this point I think it will have to move to 4.2.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; good idea, let's look at those</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; DS-1718</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; No kompewter either.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1718">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1718</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; We'll do it the old-fashioned way.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; 1718 looks stalled.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; there we go</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger waves to kompewter!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; Welcome back kompewter.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 1718 should bump to 4.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; I agree.  Will do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; Done.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; though, you know, *I* can put in missing configurations, I just am not sure what's missing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; DS-1702</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1702">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1702</a> ] - [DS-1702] XSS injection possible on collection home page for JSPUI - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 1702 is not really a security concern, as admin are generally trusted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; That's what I was thinking, based on discussion in the ticket which seems to be saying that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; bump to 4.2</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; Bump to 4.2 as well?  If this comes back to life, we can do a 4.2 quickly if needed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; OK, I'll move it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 4.2 is looking like Andrea B's call ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; Done.  Backlog reduced by 50%.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; woot!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we are ON FIRE</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;PeterDie_&gt; hi all,</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; Hi yourself.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; woah, who woke up PeterDie_</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; DS-1536</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1536">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1536</a> ] - [DS-1536] having a DOT in handle prefix causes identifier.uri to be cut off when being created - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 1536 is only open for the missing documentation, which is on me to do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; Yes, it's all merged but needs DB fixup doco.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I got tricked into documenting it because I happen to "speak oracle"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger thought for sure that would wake up helix84...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; It's 21:38 where he is, I believe.  Not the best time to catch his attention, perhaps.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; true, true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, post meeting I will see if I can untangle 1536 enough to say something sensible in the docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; So, 4.1 can ship as is w.r.t. 1536, and we have sort-of documentation in the ticket, to be tidied up for the release notes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; Thank you!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; DS-1781</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1781">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1781</a> ] - [DS-1781] LDAP never uses the specified email_field - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC4x/Upgrading+From+4.0+to+4.x">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC4x/Upgrading+From+4.0+to+4.x</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Upgrading From 4.0 to 4.x - DSpace 4.x Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC4x/Upgrading+From+4.0+to+4.x">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC4x/Upgrading+From+4.0+to+4.x</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; just need to move those to 5.0 docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; Well, copy.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; Woohoo, already written.  Good show.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; Good evening.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; helix84 deserves all the credit for that writing, I think I just copy/pasted some Oraclese in there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; all woken up. 1781 needs just a teeny tiny thing. the person who decided to move release docs around namespaces (in 4.0) didn't say where to put 4.1 docs. They're all written up, though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; ok, where is the page you wrote, where would you expect to put it, and why can't you put it there?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ad LDAP - feel free to push them to 5.0 if you don't want to tackle them. I lost hope that any small changes will do more good than harm. the netid vs email discussion needs to be figured out first.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; One other tweak:  I'm changing "query above" to "query below".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; Yes, it sounds like 1781 should move, and 4.2 may be too soon.  We can always move it again.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 4.x docs seem to be here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC4x/DSpace+4.x+Documentation">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC4x/DSpace+4.x+Documentation</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 4.x Documentation - DSpace 4.x Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC4x/DSpace+4.x+Documentation">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC4x/DSpace+4.x+Documentation</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hunting down the URLs. wiki is slow.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sloooooow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, I was thinking I needed to copy the instructions re: 1536 to the 5.0 docs, but it appears that most of the upgrade from prior versions documentation points off towards older docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; which seems reasonable to me (and less chance for information to fall out of sync)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: I put the actual instrictions into upgrading notes and I just linked to them from release notes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; the wiki is extremely slow...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think 1536 is as documented as we get, but I could be wrong...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; So we need to know where to tuck the release notes into the DSDOC4x space?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; hpottinger:  I think you are right.  Want to close it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood1: yes, basically. but they were split up and now look different.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 1536: closed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; Hooray!  No open issues for 4.1.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; Just getting the documentation assembled properly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I give up on waiting. Here are the links if someone wants to make sense of this later:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+4.0+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+4.0+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+4.1+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+4.1+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC4x/Release+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC4x/Release+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 4.1 Notes - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+4.1+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+4.1+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Release Notes - DSpace 4.x Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC4x/Release+Notes">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC4x/Release+Notes</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so who will do the honors on Friday?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I may still have one late translation coming into dspace-xmlui-lang</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; I can do the release again, if no one else wants it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* edInCo (~smuxi@seta.coalliance.org) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it's all yours, mhwood1, though I'm tempted to try it from Vagrant-DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* edInCo (~smuxi@seta.coalliance.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; My recollection is that we decided to no longer stuff the PDF into the source kit; instead it will be released with the tar/zipballs on SourceForge.  Correct?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; correct: big binaries make git slow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; I guess that means we need to 'git rm' the 4.0 PDF before tagging.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; well... I think we can save the clean-up for another day</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; though, yeah, maybe we should delete it from master</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; It isn't a big job, we just need it done.  Shipping 4.1 with 4.0 doco. might be confusing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; is there a JIRA issue for that work?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-1750</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1750">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1750</a> ] - [DS-1750] Git clone is becoming slow - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; Ah, I was just looking for it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we should probably schedule that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; 1750 seems to cover more than just this, but dropping the PDF from the kit can be attributed to it and the ticket left open for further consideration and (maybe) work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; "maybe work", snicker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; Seriously.  We may decide that rewriting history is too disruptive, and just carry along the versions already stuck in the history.  But right now we can stop this getting any worse, just by 'git rm'ing one file.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Can we just decide whether the ticket means to stop increasing the repo size or going through all the hassle of actually reducing the repo size? These eternally open issues are starting to multiply.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; added a comment to 1750</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; Bring it up next week?  Call for a decision then.  There are a lot of people in the channel but only three are talking right now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; next week, though it only takes 3 to make decisions {evil grin}</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; Hmmm.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; rewriting history does seem a bit drastic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; The church got away with it. But Looney Tunes didn't.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; I agree.  I lean toward just stopping the rot.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I don't mean philosophically, just that's a lot of broken work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 becomes a ghost again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oh, if we are going to stuff the PDF into the distribution files, we will probably need to change the distribution assembly code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; you can do it by hand for now, of course, but zip files are yucky</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; We can live with the dead weight of the old documentation for a while, and if it's found to be intolerable then we can do more then.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; BTW we are about 15 minutes past the official announced ending time for the meeting.  But I'm willing to go on, if it's useful.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger bangs the gavel, dismissed!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:19]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger hands the gavel back to mhwood1 </span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; DSPR#491 removes the PDF from the 4_x kit.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/491">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/491</a> ] - [DS-1750] Remove DSpace manual PDF from the source kit. by mwoodiupui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oh, if this is to be a manual procedure, we should note the procedure in the release instructions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; looks good to me +1 merge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; Woops, the manual is mentioned in /README.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger_ (~hpottinge@mu-161244.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger_&gt; wheeee</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; I will track down any other references.  Don't pull just yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:25]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger_ wonders how to reclaim that stalled nick</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161244.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Disconnected by services)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger_ is now known as hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; Good catch:  assembly.xml needs tweaking to not refer to a nonexistent directory.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; Assembly adjusted, testing....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; anyone around with knowlege of the OAI issues in 3.x/4.x like <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1855">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1855</a> ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-1855] OAI-PMH indexing throws AuthorizationException when License is not available anonymously - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1855">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1855</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1855">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1855</a> ] - [DS-1855] OAI-PMH indexing throws AuthorizationException when License is not available anonymously - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; just wondering if the PRs for this got merged back into 3_x and 4_x... there seem to be enough changes between them and master that it might not have been trivial</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; 1855 refers to DS-1856, which is commented that some of this is addressed in OAI 2.1.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1856">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1856</a> ] - [DS-1856] OAI-PMH indexes metadata of non-public Items - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; I don't know what parts that might be.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; and covered by pulls 441 (replaced by 466)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; just figuring out how to actually get a 3.x compatible patch/branch out of all that work..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; hrm, actually, looks like that wasn't included in the list of bugfixes, i just assumed it was</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; can I help with testing?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; sure, looks like i have to write hte fix first htough ;P</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; s/htough/though/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; kshepherd meant to say: sure, looks like i have to write hte fix first though ;P</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; kompewter: THANKS</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; we're a bit behind with our own IR, upgrading to 3.2 finally :P but this is a showstopper for us</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think Vagrant-DSpace would give you a quick way to test against a working version of the master branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger is trying to follow the thread of the conversation re: OAI stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; master branch no good i don't think, too many dspace-oai changes since 3_x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood1&gt; I have to leave.  Goodbye all.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood1 (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Oh, I see, well... it's a problem with the 3x and 4x/master branches, looks like, so we'd probably want to change on master first?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think the behavior described int 1856 is the way OAI has always worked for DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I don't think OAI has ever respected metadata access rights</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; s/OAI/OAI as coded in DSpace/g</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; hpottinger meant to say: I don't think OAI as coded in DSpace has ever respected metadata access rights</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; two kiwis in the room!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; hpottinger: are you sure? I don't remember what's standard DSpace and what's our customisation, but there is an 'includerestricted' config setting isn't there?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; and I'm not sure I qualify as a kiwi really ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm working from memory, but I do remember OAI being rather chatty about the contents of our repository</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace/config/dspace.cfg#L415">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace/config/dspace.cfg#L415</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace/config/dspace.cfg at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace/config/dspace.cfg#L415">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace/config/dspace.cfg#L415</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; aschweer: that line is for the OAI client, I think?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; no I don't think so</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; "If you wish to only expose items through these channels where the ANONYMOUS</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; # user is granted READ permission, then set the following options to false"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace/config/dspace.cfg#L406">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace/config/dspace.cfg#L406</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace/config/dspace.cfg at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace/config/dspace.cfg#L406">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace/config/dspace.cfg#L406</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; still says that actually :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; the setting is just ignored by xoai afaik</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; well, interesting, when did those configurations get in there?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; what issue is this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Blame says december of 2008, Stuart Lewis</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i do remembe the includerestricted config...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; it works</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/commit/09dcb5219bcc8811a55c8b304b75c262d98accab">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/commit/09dcb5219bcc8811a55c8b304b75c262d98accab</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Fix for SF bug [1730606] Restricted Items metadata exposed via OAI · 09dcb52 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/commit/09dcb5219bcc8811a55c8b304b75c262d98accab">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/commit/09dcb5219bcc8811a55c8b304b75c262d98accab</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but DS-1855 refers to any item (restricted or not) with a restricted licence bundle/file</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1855">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1855</a> ] - [DS-1855] OAI-PMH indexing throws AuthorizationException when License is not available anonymously - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; however, i'm not actually completely sure whether it's breaking anything or just filling up our locks with stacktraces and failing on those particular items</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'll comment on teh DS issue when i know more</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; *something* is broken on my test OAI anyway (blank page and no errors for any normal requests), and not dev.. will keep digging</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it's interesting that we have this policy in the config, and then assume the policy is set one way with REST-API, and another app ignores the policy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:24]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger dreams of a world where that kind of thing isn't possible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; sorry, I had to be elsewhere</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I remember I customised something in DSpace 4 OAI just a few weeks ago around bitstream/bundle permissions but I've already forgotten what it was...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; right it looks like it's just complaining excessively. However it also only tries to index the first bitstream in the license bundle, which may or may not be what people expect</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-oai/src/main/java/org/dspace/xoai/util/ItemUtils.java#L280">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-oai/src/main/java/org/dspace/xoai/util/ItemUtils.java#L280</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-oai/src/main/java/org/dspace/xoai/util/ItemUtils.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-oai/src/main/java/org/dspace/xoai/util/ItemUtils.java#L280">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-oai/src/main/java/org/dspace/xoai/util/ItemUtils.java#L280</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yeh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; so our "OAI returns blank page for everything" might be someting else, but xoai is working fine in our dev instance, which configured the same, but doesn't contain those restricted licence bitstreams</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; the solr index itself looks ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; hum</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:41]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* kshepherd resumes headscratching</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; and the oai solr queries look fine on your test instance too? (in the tomcat log)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; oh, also: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-oai/src/main/java/org/dspace/xoai/app/XOAI.java#L293">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-oai/src/main/java/org/dspace/xoai/app/XOAI.java#L293</a> suggests that items with even one non-public bundle won't be indexed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace-oai/src/main/java/org/dspace/xoai/app/XOAI.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-oai/src/main/java/org/dspace/xoai/app/XOAI.java#L293">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-oai/src/main/java/org/dspace/xoai/app/XOAI.java#L293</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i'll check again, not sure if i've seen the queries be logged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i can see lots of successful POSTSs.. and i can see GETs for my working dev oai but not test, so i guess something's going wrong further up the chain. will keep looking.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; oh no wait, that was my earlier testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; i don't think i can actually see teh dspace-&gt;localhost:8080/solr GETs in either instance.. maybe my logging is bad</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; that sounds odd</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; and i can see the responses appearing in the oai cache</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but tomcat just never gives them to me! :P</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; my dspace 4 dev instance currently doesn't have oai deployed -- will do that then check logs for reference</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; yes, this is getting a bit twilight zone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; HAHA found it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; *facepalm*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; oh?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; my previous clever apache rewrite rules to block requests taht weren't for (a) valid sets, (b) identify or listsets, etc. (so nobody could explicitly request our 'closed' collections or do a ListRecords without specifying sets) has been happily working in test and production</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; but</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; now it's blocking the requests for /static/style.xsl l)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; haha</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kshepherd&gt; no stylesheet, no display ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; yeah I guess you can't complain about that :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; anyway, lunchtime. catch you later :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:59]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* edInCo (~smuxi@seta.coalliance.org) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-161244.dhcp.missouri.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kshepherd2 (~kim@203.160.115.131) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
