<span class="irc-date">[0:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@server112.longsightgroup.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[1:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@server112.longsightgroup.com) Quit (Quit: peterdietz)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[2:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@server112.longsightgroup.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz_ (~peterdiet@162-231-22-3.lightspeed.clmboh.sbcglobal.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@server112.longsightgroup.com) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[3:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz_ is now known as peterdietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@162-231-22-3.lightspeed.clmboh.sbcglobal.net) Quit (Quit: peterdietz)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-card.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:37]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:22]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@162-231-22-3.lightspeed.clmboh.sbcglobal.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz_ (~peterdiet@server112.longsightgroup.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@162-231-22-3.lightspeed.clmboh.sbcglobal.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 256 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz_ is now known as peterdietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (~peterdiet@server112.longsightgroup.com) Quit (Quit: peterdietz)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-vypnutqwlnsyubxq) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* terryb (~anonymous@162.244.138.212) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* terryb (~anonymous@162.244.138.212) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:07]</span> <span class="irc-green">* terryb (~anonymous@162.244.138.212) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@161.130.188.104) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's time for our weekly DSpace Developers Mtg: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-11-12">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-11-12</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2014-11-12 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-11-12">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2014-11-12</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Today's primary topic is obviously the 5.0 Testaton, and 5.0 status in general</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd also like to remind everyone that in the very near future, I'm going to be heading off to paternity leave. I plan to be here *next week* (Nov 19), but will be out &amp; offline from Nov 20 to Dec 8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; With that being said, I feel I probably should hand the keys of 5.0 discussions over to someone on the 5.0 Release Team.  I'm glad to try and help prompt some discussions here, but we'll need the RT &amp; Committers to take the lead here in the coming weeks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Since last time. Hardy has released RC1. It had issues with optional modules being sent to sonatype. So an RC2 was cut.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz, as RT lead, would you like to give us an update on 5.0 testathon, etc.?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Some minor bugs have been found. <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/releases">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/releases</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Releases · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/releases">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/releases</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; We've got like 1 or 2 things on master, ahead of RC2. But haven't hit a BIG bug yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; show error page onclick in firefox, seems like the biggest, but that's kind of minor</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; well, there are bugs, there are just few PRs :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yea, we have quite a few bugs coming in already: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+fixVersion+%3D+5.0+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+ORDER+BY+due+ASC%2C+priority+DESC%2C+created+ASC&amp;mode=hide">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+fixVersion+%3D+5.0+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+ORDER+BY+due+ASC%2C+priority+DESC%2C+created+ASC&amp;mode=hide</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+fixVersion+%3D+5.0+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+ORDER+BY+due+ASC%2C+priority+DESC%2C+created+ASC&amp;mode=hide">https://jira.duraspace.org/secure/IssueNavigator.jspa?reset=true&amp;jqlQuery=project+%3D+DS+AND+fixVersion+%3D+5.0+AND+resolution+%3D+Unresolved+ORDER+BY+due+ASC%2C+priority+DESC%2C+created+ASC&amp;mode=hide</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One "blocker" too...and a lot of ORCID related bugs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; blocker: DS-2248</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2248">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2248</a> ] - [DS-2248] XMLUI Delete Community doesn&amp;#39;t work - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Clarification: the list I sent was not just from Testathon.  Some of these are older bugs, which we may or may not choose to fix in 5.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (i.e. some could be rescheduled as needed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; if you sort by Created, descending, you'll see the newer tickets, the blocker has been around a while</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: have the link for that sort?  I was just trying to find it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; hmm. I wonder if the delete bug has always existed, or m4a introduced it. But yeah, a test for that case, and a fix would be good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; can't gurantee this works, but, here: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2285?jql=project%20%3D%20DS%20AND%20fixVersion%20%3D%205.0%20AND%20resolution%20%3D%20Unresolved%20ORDER%20BY%20created%20DESC%2C%20due%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2285?jql=project%20%3D%20DS%20AND%20fixVersion%20%3D%205.0%20AND%20resolution%20%3D%20Unresolved%20ORDER%20BY%20created%20DESC%2C%20due%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2285?jql=project%20%3D%20DS%20AND%20fixVersion%20%3D%205.0%20AND%20resolution%20%3D%20Unresolved%20ORDER%20BY%20created%20DESC%2C%20due%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2285?jql=project%20%3D%20DS%20AND%20fixVersion%20%3D%205.0%20AND%20resolution%20%3D%20Unresolved%20ORDER%20BY%20created%20DESC%2C%20due%20DESC%2C%20priority%20DESC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2285">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2285</a> ] - [DS-2285] authority index - search by ORCID - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; peterdietz: the bug wasn't in 4.x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: that worked...and yea, it's a better view of the most recently reported bugs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: is this resolved by Flyway? DS-1578</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1578">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-1578</a> ] - [DS-1578] improve clean_database ant target to work better with Oracle - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: yep, that old "clean-database.sql" is gone now. Flyway has an automated script to do that (which is hooked up to ./dspace database clean)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll close that ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; we may want to regularly go over has-pull-request bugs until release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; perhaps during regular backlog hours</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I also encourage all commiters to go over them when they have any free time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: I think that's a good idea. But, I'm going to be reliant on you all taking that idea forward in the coming weeks. As I said, I *likely* will be around next Weds, but there are no guarantees with a pending baby :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; oh, yeah, I forgot I created 1578, but it's definitely cool that Flyway does such a good job of cleaning</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Javier_ (c84567fe@gateway/web/freenode/ip.200.69.103.254) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, next backlog hour, I vote we go on a "we can close this" hunt</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Unfortunately, I don't see anyone from @mire here today. There are a few issues to fix with ORCID (which went in under the assumption that we'll resolve the bugs after the freeze, but before release).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I wonder if someone(s) would be willing to volunteer to lead these meetings (and backlog hour) in the coming weeks? I'd hate to see these ideas get lost accidentally, as I agree with the direction here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: I suggest that we in RT lead DevMtgs while you're away</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; already scrawled a note on my white board, I will do my best to remember the idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree, helix84. Just wasn't sure if you all wanted to organize more than "The RT will lead meetings" :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: don't wait for backlog, though. most of them need to be confirmed and as we all know, building dspace takes time...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; helix84: it's less of a "talk about this" kind of note, more of a "do this" kind of note, no worries</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; anyone else want to go on a similar hunt? It's fun to close tickets, and even more fun to realize you *can* close a ticket</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, discussion is a bit slow here today. Are there any specific topics / bugs folks would like to highlight regarding 5.0?  I know we want to ping @mire on ORCID bugs/issues.  Anything else?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; so, do we need to do anything more regarding optional artifact during release procedure or are we satisfied with the explicit  -Dmirage2.on=true -P dspace-lni ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: I hunt all the time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; DS-2040 I'd really like to see fixed by the time we cut a release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2040">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2040</a> ] - [DS-2040] AIP restore does not seem to work with cross-mapped items - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamatis (2ebe569a@gateway/web/freenode/ip.46.190.86.154) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: I suspect we may be able able to find a way to "fix" our Release Procedures for optional artifacts. But, it will likely require POM refactoring (which would need a volunteer).  It's good we at least have the workaround of explicitly specifying them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2040: I agree would be nice to fix. Are you volunteering, hpottinger? Or do we still need a volunteer?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we need to make a ticket for that release-fixing work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; re: 2040, wish I could volunteer, I'm supposed to be working on a repository upgrade</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; kstamatis: Hi, during today's backlog hour we noticed some minor omissions in docs from EKT (but overall, EKT is great in documentation!). I'd like to go over docs and some issues after the DevMtg if you have time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I can create a ticket for the release-fixing. I have a possible brainstorm, but do not actually know of a solution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; RE: 2040, I'd just hope it's not waiting on "me" (as the guy who did a lot of the initial AIP stuff)...if so, it's not something I'm likely to get to before I depart next week</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; heh, EKT is good at documentation.. Aren't they National Documentation Center?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; indeed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* helix84 raises one eyebrow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Ok, it's slow today. We may want to just pick up the backlog instead.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; so. I don't know how exhaustive people are testing. Past years had checklists and such. Hopefully DCAT people, such as MPW have found time to test a number of features. I haven't heard too much voice of specific optional features to be enabled</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I enabled most of the new features on demo. peterdietz, you may want to enable cover pages on a single collection.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Pascal is looking for a suitable triple store to enable RDF on demo.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Regarding Testathon, I agree, I'm not sure how exhaustive tests have been thus far. I do feel like we haven't had as many questions as in years past. So, it's hard to say what tests folks are doing.  I *highly* recommend we find ways to keep encouraging and reminding everyone to test.  RT might want to send out a reminder later this week, or early next week to help encourage more testers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; We still need a SSL certificate for demo for REST (now requires HTTPS), for now we have a self-signed one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is there a reason we cannot just go with self-signed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; i had used fuseki for RDF in my testing. <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/568">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/568</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-2061: Linked (Open) Data support for DSpace by pnbecker · Pull Request #568 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/568">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/568</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I just realized we may have lost the Feedback button on demo. I meant to check.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, outstading todos: finish setup of LOD, finish setup of REST</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; As we identify things that need testing, we should add them to a list of automated tests we would like in a standard acceptance test suite.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: ugly big warning and likely a problem for machine clients (which REST is meant for)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; and encourage our own repository staff to pitch in with the testathon, maybe even set up our own internal instances</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; any client will need to be taught to use invalid SSL cert. You can also disable REST's ssl requirement. It is assuming you will be passing sensitive data, such as credentials.. Unsafe things to pass from your local coffee shop</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Then when 6.0 rolls around, we can run the suite and extend it as needed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: do we have a ticket for those?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I will write one, if we don't.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1 acceptance test suite, and mhwood++ for volunteering to write one ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Javier_ (c84567fe@gateway/web/freenode/ip.200.69.103.254) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; def +1 on that too ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I will write a *ticket*.  I will probably contribute some tests at some point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; anyway, sorry, gotta run</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~schweer@schweer.its.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; work's gotta start somwhere, and honestly, just having a list of tests would be a huge start</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; So. our built in maven tests exist. But we're saying that for a test instance, we could redeploy, and then have a rest client run a battery of integration tests</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd suggest we just disable SSL for REST on demo , if possible, as peterdietz stated.  I really don't know that we need to have SSL on demo.dspace.org and it just seems like one extra thing to configure/maintain.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; +1, the credentials on demo are known</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; demo is not meant to be a "secure" DSpace instance. It's just meant to be a place to "bang on" and try out DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: well, if you want to write a REST client, it probably needs to work with HTTPS, because REST in 5 requires it by default</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: I thought peterdietz just said "You can also disable REST's ssl requirement" above?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: yes, but it's "one extra step" as you said (and not even documented) for the user to do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2288">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2288</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-2288] Acceptance test suite - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2288">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2288</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2288">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2288</a> ] - [DS-2288] Acceptance test suite - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; We've got SSL for trydspace, but not for the temporary trydspace5. I've disabled it for the test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: right, I'm just noting we should take that extra step on demo.dspace.org.  It's easier than maintaining SSL across everything</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: I'm talking about the extra step for the user - who will test over HTTP, but his own DSpace will in fact require HTTPS</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: so there are extra steps for the user to switch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, there's no way to turn *off* SSL in our REST API?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; is it a financial problem? because setting up SSL on tomcat is 5 minutes, I can do that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: there is (though not documented). I'm talking about the user side.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I copied some of my notes on testing to DS-2288</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2288">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2288</a> ] - [DS-2288] Acceptance test suite - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kstamatis&gt; helix84: (regarding documentation omissions) sure, I will be here!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: we can take this offline.  Yes, it's partially financial, as it seems silly to pay for a full year's cert if we are using it for 2 weeks.   Second, I don't think we should be encouraging developers to bang heavily on demo.dspace.org via REST (and if so, we can just tell them to turn SSL off on their end..no big deal)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I don't think we're obligated to support SSL testing with Demo, if somone needs that, they can stand up their own instance and bang on it all they need.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; demo is not meant for heavy duty testing. It will crash if used in that way. It's really just meant as a user facing demo (and oh, here's how the machine interfaces look/respond)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; or, heavy duty *activity*. Testing is the wrong word</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; ok, what are the ideas for acceptance testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I read the 2288 ticket. Would this be things like: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.6.0+Testathon+Page">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.6.0+Testathon+Page</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 1.6.0 Testathon Page - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.6.0+Testathon+Page">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+1.6.0+Testathon+Page</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; hey tim. If you send a CSR to support@longsight.com, we will buy an SSL cert for demo.dspace.org</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: yep, I think so. In the past we did write out better testathon "scripts"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I made a 5.0 testathon page yesterday, feel free to add to it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Testathon+Page">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Testathon+Page</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; petedietz: it's not all financial...that's just a small part. I'm actually arguing that we aren't obligated to put demo.dspace.org behind SSL, and I'd rather not complicate our ongoing maintenance in doing so.  I still don't understand why it's "required" here..and why we cannot just tell people that our REST interface is just using HTTP like everything else.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 5.0 Testathon Page - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Testathon+Page">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Testathon+Page</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, back to testathon. What are our next steps?  Do we want to send out a reminder email to folks next week?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yes, a general reminder, and also try to get *your people* to test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and each of us should probably try to do some tests as well. :)  We shouldn't just rely on others to test our work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; anybody want to copy/paste the testing "scripts" from the 1.6.0 testathon page to the 5.0 testathon page?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, fine, I'll copy/paste</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Noticing here that we are in "overtime".  Any other big reminders / topics for 5.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Otherwise, we may as well close out for today.... and remind everyone to take part in Testathon as well as review bugs and tickets flagged as "fix for 5.0"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, so, I copied/pasted: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Testathon+Page">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Testathon+Page</a> did minimal cleanup, I am sure there is more we could add</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 5.0 Testathon Page - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Testathon+Page">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+5.0+Testathon+Page</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I know the meeting is adjourned, but, if anyone wants to tweak that 5.0 testathon page, be my guest, also, if any committer is interested in wrangling the 5.0 documentation, please get in touch with me or peterdietz, thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:36]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kstamatis (2ebe569a@gateway/web/freenode/ip.46.190.86.154) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:37]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@161.130.188.104) Quit (Quit: Later, taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; peterdietz:  REST is returning 401 Unauthorized for some Collections.  Can I provide credentials somehow?  DSpace 4.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Never mind, I see it told me right in the response:  requires HTTP authentication.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-215-0-161.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
