<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:48]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-barjavel.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:56]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-moxcygvokjlkkwaw) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:00]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-mquin- [Global Notice] On or around Friday, October 2nd we will be cleaning up the services database. Now's a good time to ensure you identify to services when connecting. Check out <a href="http://blog.freenode.net/2015/09/services-database-purge/">http://blog.freenode.net/2015/09/services-database-purge/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:23]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ucueqlwstvzyhdju) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ucueqlwstvzyhdju) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* srobbins (~srobbins@libstfsdg02.library.illinois.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cjlcucsiyvgsuizu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-ocvssdqzsbsdwmbk) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-mquin- [Global Notice] On or around Friday, October 2nd we will be cleaning up the services database. Now's a good time to ensure you identify to services when connecting. Check out <a href="http://blog.freenode.net/2015/09/services-database-purge/">http://blog.freenode.net/2015/09/services-database-purge/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@216.106.51.118.reverse.socket.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@216.106.51.118.reverse.socket.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@128.206.253.146) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cjlcucsiyvgsuizu) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* terry-b (~chrome@71-212-24-25.tukw.qwest.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* bram-atmire (~bram@94-225-37-203.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* terry-b (~chrome@71-212-24-25.tukw.qwest.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:27]</span> <span class="irc-green">* terry-b (~chrome@71-212-24-25.tukw.qwest.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pcjcvpfmpusjndyb) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:48]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54c5104d.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@128.206.253.146) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, welcome to our weekly DSpace DevMtg: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-09-30">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-09-30</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2015-09-30 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-09-30">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-09-30</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Today, as usual, our primary topics are the Service API refactor &amp; DSpace 6.0.  We'll start with the Service API</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First off, I wanted to thank EVERYONE who has been working hard to make this refactor happen especially KevinVdV!, and everyone listed at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Service based api - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As far as I see, our "refactor" is essentially COMPLETE. Though we still have been finding (and fixing) some minor bugs / making improvements.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, EVERYTHING compiles and all our unit / integration tests succeed...plus UIs seem to work (at least from basic tests...we still need to dig into testing every single feature)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That said, we have three PRs that are still open against this "feature branch" (mostly minor bug fixes / improvements)... so, we likely should close those out, before any official merge to "master"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've begun tinkering with integration tests that can drive the UIs.  Not working yet but getting close to a smoke test for REST.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Shall we go through those PRs quickly today?  Or are there any other immediate updates/questions/comments?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, PRs.  I want to see this merged.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, those PRs are at: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+base%3ADS-2701-service-api">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+base%3ADS-2701-service-api</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+base%3ADS-2701-service-api">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+base%3ADS-2701-service-api</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2701">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2701</a> ] - [DS-2701] Adopt Service-based API refactor of existing Java API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh wait, there's 4. I was wrong :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; from the top.. DSPR#1082</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1082">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1082</a> ] - [DS-2776] Migrate primitives in sql by KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think we decided that one would have to wait.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yea, we'll get to that last one (which was discussed previously)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1082: looks correct to me. I haven't had a chance to fully test...but the SQL looks right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Same here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV, I'm assuming this has been tested with upgrades?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Yeah a quick test has been made, not all of these will be required, but we wanted to be sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; To avoid nullpointer issues with variables</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, I'd rather set them all to valid values (as you've done) than risk those NULLs causing issues</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I'm +1. I say we merge this (and we can do more test upgrades later to verify all were caught)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, merging now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; done</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up, DSPR#1081</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1081">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1081</a> ] - DS-2701: Bug fix, cleanup and pgcrypto checking by tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I have to somewhat apologize for this one. It's several fixes/improvements in one, all of which are described... I ran into small bugs as I was trying to enhance how we detect pgcrypto, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Did a quick check, don’t see any problems at first sight</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; If this has been tested (which I assume you did ?), then I would say that this is good to merge</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, the end goal here is that "./dspace database migrate" now fails with a descriptive message if you don't have pgcrypto &gt;=1.1.  And "./dspace database info" now tells you what is missing if pgcrypto isnt' there, and how to likely resolve it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I've tested this extensively with pgcrypto installed, not installed, out-of-date, etc.  I tried to test every scenario I could think of</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I agree, we need this in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; does the ant update process check the migration capability?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; ant update migrates the database so yeah a check will happen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: yes, right now Ant runs "./dspace database migrate"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; okay. then this sounds good to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, merging then. I'll be glad to bug fix on this one if we find issues.. but, I did test thoroughly as I *know* we will get questions on 'pgcrypto' issues, and wanted to "catch" most of them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; merged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up, DSPR#1077</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1077">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1077</a> ] - Save collections to community object by terrywbrady</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; A very simple change</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~andrea@d157.itstaff.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; morning all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good morning.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; terry-b: does that mean that nested-nested data shows up?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hi aschweer: we're reviewing what is left of the PRs against the Service API branch</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, a very simple change.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; tdonohue: thanks, I caught up on the log</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; peterdietz, can you elaborate?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b: I'm assuming you've tested this fix?  It looks reasonable at a glance..but I don't know this area of code well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I have tested this as I was working on another PR.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; if you have a community, with lots of collections, and each of those collections have lots of items.. Will the expand propgate down, and expand all fo that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; that would be my only concern. top-communities?expand=all, to crash because you've just loading the entire repository</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I did not test for that explicitly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; The objects were being constructed but not returned</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; okay, then that looks like an omission. +1.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; This seems pretty straightforward to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; agreed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Prob works the same as before</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll merge it then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; There is another bug I found that I have not yet tried to fix: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2766">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2766</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-2766] /rest/collections/xxx?expand=parentCommunityList only returns 1 parent community - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2766">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2766</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; yeah the communities block just below Terry's change populates the field (rather than a local variable as in the collections case)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2766">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2766</a> ] - [DS-2766] /rest/collections/xxx?expand=parentCommunityList only returns 1 parent community - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; merged</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The last one is DSPR#1039, which was previously discussed /delayed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1039">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1039</a> ] - DS-2730 link getName() to DSpaceServices by pnbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; thanks for helping. My lunch breaks haven't been as productive as Kevin's</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I suspect we should close this PR..as it doesn't seem useful to keep this open once we merge over to "master"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Indeed + it requires additional refactoring</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Or, let me revise that... I suspect we should close this PR *once* we merge to master (which I'm assuming will be shortly/soon, but we'll do that next)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Altough I support the idea the PR needs work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; exactly. good idea, but PR is unfinished</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, the author is out of office for a while, so it's not likely to be fleshed out soon either.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Pascal is/was in NYC, perhaps he ran into the pope, and got a +1 on the code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. so that brings us to the end of the list of PRs for Service API</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The next question is, are we ready to officially merge the "Service API" branch into "master"?  (Which means all future changes will go through our normal PR workflow process obviously)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Let me turn that around:  is there any reason *not* to merge to master?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As part of this we also will need to see which existing PRs break (and notify those PR creators to please rebase/refactor)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I haven't run services latest code. Does it successfully allow for db / data migration from previous version?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: I see no reason myself.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Last time I ran it, I had to start with fresh db</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Nor do I.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; It should perform migrations just fine.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I ran some tests with databases that I had locally &amp; found no issues so far</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: yes. I've had success recently as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Doesn’t mean that there won’t be any…… but that is what testing is for</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Sounds like merging to master is the appropriate next step. I don't have an objection</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; By merging into "master", we definitely are *not* saying there's "no bugs".  But, we are saying "this is looking great, and it's ready for broader use &amp; bug fixing in preparation for 6.0"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Well obiviously +1 from me ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, looks like we are unanimous here! :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Do we need an email vote, or is a simple quorum enough.  The work was already approved in principle.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: good point/question.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; I guess release schedule is the next topic, but I don't see any advantages in delaying this even further</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We voted on adding Services API to 6.0 already...that was approved (by everyone).  I don't see any reason why anyone would object, and I did make it clear on dspace-devel /-commit recently that we'd be talking about merging into "master" today (and have had no negative feedback as of yet)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I just wanted to recall whether another email vote was promised or implied, so that we don't surprise anyone.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If we are following the procedure already discussed, good enough.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, essentially, I'm taking that as a "tacet" approval for what is going on.  We could give folks 24 hours (or something like that) to raise final objections?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, in doing so, we'd have to be clear that "final objections" would need to be based on the *code* not the concept (and frankly this all would be hard to review in 24 hours)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; I'm rather in favor of merging now, since we have such a broad attendance today, so that we can focus on the next steps, but that's just my personal opinion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Another route here...is we "tag" master immediately &amp; then merge.  If someone feels strongly enough, we can revert to that "tag".  If not, we keep pushing forward</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; What does tag master mean?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; that tag seems definitely like a good idea. "last commit before the service-api merge"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b.  It just means we capture the "state" of master prior to this merge.  That way if we needed to, we can easily revert to that "state"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I found the vote-closed email.  I don't see any further procedural steps being required.  Just the code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; makes sense.  thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Tagging is cheap and sensible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so I think we'll go with that route then....  (1) We tag master. (2) We merge services api branch into master</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; " Once all modules have been fixed (i.e. they all compile), we'll</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt;    merge the "DS-2701-service-api" branch into "master", and proceed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt;    with more detailed (manual) testing of all modules/features to find</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt;    any immediate bugs."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2701">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2701</a> ] - [DS-2701] Adopt Service-based API refactor of existing Java API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: thanks for pasting in my language on that vote :)  Seems pretty clear now that we can move forward</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One other thing to note here on this merger... We will be "breaking" (most/many) existing PRs once this is merged into "master".  We've warned folks plenty of times, but I do wonder if we should "clean up" our docs/guides to prep for that.  I've noticed our wiki pages are a bit outdated now (as the code has been enhanced some, etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Namely, we should review the following to ensure they are still accurate:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api</a> (most of it should be accurate, but there's been some minor changes I think)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Service based api - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+service+based+api%3A+Porting+DSpace+modules">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+service+based+api%3A+Porting+DSpace+modules</a> (probably should be deleted / moved elsewhere. Inaccurate now)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace service based api: Porting DSpace modules - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+service+based+api%3A+Porting+DSpace+modules">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+service+based+api%3A+Porting+DSpace+modules</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api%3A+API+Changelist">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api%3A+API+Changelist</a> (probably should just be double checked)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Service based api: API Changelist - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api%3A+API+Changelist">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Service+based+api%3A+API+Changelist</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone willing to help chip in on cleaning these up a bit, reviewing them?  I'd hate to confuse folks who want to rebase/refactor their PRs with inaccurate docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; At the very least, if we get a question on discrepancies, we should answer it in the wiki and provide a pointer.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; true</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm willing but don't yet know how to start.  I'll have to stare at it a bit.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I know the "Porting page" is the most out-of-date. It was based on the initial codebase..so it recommends things like "disabling all modules" and other things that are no longer needed (obviously)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The other two pages are likely "mostly accurate"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Oh, yes, of course.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK. I'll also take a look closer at the porting page a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving on (as we are low on time here)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, and I forgot. Anyone wish to do the honors on tagging / merging?  (Otherwise, I'll find time tomorrow.. I won't get to it today)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; anyone have a name for the tag?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; pre-service-refactor ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; pre-DS-2701?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2701">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2701</a> ] - [DS-2701] Adopt Service-based API refactor of existing Java API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pre-DS-2701 is probably more descriptive. It'll let us also remember what version this happened in (should we ever forget, which I doubt would happen)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2701">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2701</a> ] - [DS-2701] Adopt Service-based API refactor of existing Java API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; agreed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Since no one is jumping at this, I'll do the merge tomorrow &amp; announce to dspace-devel. If you need it sooner, feel free to jump on it :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Fair enough.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; it wouldn't be ordered like the other tags (I guess those correlate to releases). I was thinking dspace6-pre-services-DS-2701</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2701">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2701</a> ] - [DS-2701] Adopt Service-based API refactor of existing Java API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: at least in github, tags are ordered by *date* not by name: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tags">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tags</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Tags · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tags">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/tags</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Moving on to last topic for today: 6.0 Timelines</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Obviously, we are *not* going to meet our existing timelines, which had the deadline for PRs as *TOMORROW* :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.0+Status#DSpaceRelease6.0Status-TimelineandProcessing">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.0+Status#DSpaceRelease6.0Status-TimelineandProcessing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 6.0 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.0+Status#DSpaceRelease6.0Status-TimelineandProcessing">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.0+Status#DSpaceRelease6.0Status-TimelineandProcessing</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There's no RT yet, so the timing is conjectural.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, the question is, what is a reasonable timeline for our "Deadline for PRs"?  Do we give developers (and us) another month?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; "Another month" is what I was thinking.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; At this point, I suspect we're doing this release without an RT (Release Team). Which essentially means the Committers are the Release Team, and we'll/I'll have to twist everyone's arms to get folks to take on tasks :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That is, unless someone is interested in helping out / joining an "ad hoc" RT?  I'd still love to have an RT, but I haven't had much luck finding one yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I can be on the team, but prefarably not as team lead</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I will prob be involved in the reviewing/guiding anyway</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; very true.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; But I will be out of action for 2 weeks in november as my wife &amp; are I expecting our second child.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; i will be following up on a test plan for end users / repo admins cfr <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/cmtygp/DSpace+6+Testathon+Testplan+Working+group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/cmtygp/DSpace+6+Testathon+Testplan+Working+group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 6 Testathon Testplan Working group - Community Groups - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/cmtygp/DSpace+6+Testathon+Testplan+Working+group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/cmtygp/DSpace+6+Testathon+Testplan+Working+group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone else interested in joining the RT? (I'm pretty much always a "member" so, I'm kinda on it already)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; and would also be willing to do some docs work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; bram-atmire: thanks as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Keep asking me. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm still hoping to see a new face or two on the RT.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; regarding timelines. If we give everyone one more month for PRs (or rebasing/refactoring), that'd put us at around Oct 29 for PR deadline, Feature Freeze around mid-to-late-Nov.  Testathon would unfortunately start to fall near end of year (or early the next year).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Not *too* bad.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It's not an "ideal" schedule. But, I don't see how 6.0 is going to be "ready" in 2015 at this point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It's more likely we're looking at ~Feb 2016 for final release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Like my bank said about being last in town to introduce ATMs:  "we waited to bring you the best."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thoughts on this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; I think extending the schedule and by doing that, assuring that additional features/improvements come in, is better than the alternative to release a "lighter" release earlier on.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Personally, I think we'd need to avoid an "end of year" Testathon. But, if it got to that, we could push it to early January.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; ~Feb 2016 for 6.0 sounds realistic to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We all know that the Services refactor is a big deal, but if we set the PR deadline too soon, we'll have few user-oriented changes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood ++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so it sounds like we have a new "rough" schedule, which begins with a PR Deadline of Thurs, Oct 29.  I'll map that out on our 6.0 Status page (the rest of the dates will be a bit tentative anyways)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If Testathon has to slip to the second week of January, so be it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thanks tdonohue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any last questions / thoughts / concerns?  (Otherwise, that's the last of my topics for today)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Nothing here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, not hearing any. We'll close up today's meeting (I'll still be around for a bit though if something comes up)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;bram-atmire&gt; thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Must go.  Thanks, all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks all!  It's AWESOME that Services API is now ready!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Until next week guys ! Need to run &amp; thx all for the help with the service api !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Really mean a lot to me that it is going in master after starting over a year &amp; half ago</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I agree, exciting that the merge is coming up, great work everyone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdv: And thanks for all the hard work you've put into this!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54c5104d.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* bram-atmire (~bram@94-225-37-203.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: bram-atmire)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~andrea@d157.itstaff.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:13]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* terry-b (~chrome@71-212-24-25.tukw.qwest.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:53]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-pcjcvpfmpusjndyb) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
