<span class="irc-date">[6:40]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:40]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:40]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:40]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C5104D.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It's 2000UTC.  Is anybody there?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Letitia_Mukherje (9124eb03@gateway/web/freenode/ip.145.36.235.3) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; hi all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Present</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hello all, it is time for our weekly DSpace Developers Mtg. Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-11-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-11-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2015-11-25 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-11-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-11-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Although I might fall out now &amp; then if a certain member of the family needs my attention</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Congratulations again!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Thx again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Looks like we have a small quorum today, which is good.  Yes, congrats again, KevinVdV, and thanks for all the master bug fixes in your "free" time :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, the agenda today is rather light. It's still primarily reviewing PRs for 6.0 possible inclusion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I will mention that I've not heard much feedback regarding the Commons Configuration PR vote, DSPR#1104 (just a few +1s over on dspace-devel).  So, I'm assuming the vote has generally "passed". But, it still could use more testers / folks to try it out before we jump in and merge it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1104">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1104</a> ] - DS-2654: Enhanced Configurations via Apache Commons Configuration by tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The outstanding question with that PR is *when* to merge it (assuming no last minute objections pop up)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I’ll try and take a look as well before next week (can’t promise anything though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And I just noticed that PR has conflicts from recent mergers (likely the many small bug fixes).  So, I'll need to rebase it...but if you just check it out directly, it does *work*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; tdonohue: I've been toying with config commons, and being pleasantly surprised when noticing that xmlui themepath was default off, and changing url in ?themepath=redtheme/ didn't change the site, but was able to update local.cfg to themepath.enabled=true, and then reload browser, and the change was immediate</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I then started to muck with REST API to add an endpoint to get/set configs, and was trying to figure out with framework to start a fresh rest client from, for some administrative app. But, the point is that commons so far is good.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: nice :)  Admittedly, I'm not entirely sure which configs *are* reloadable (most actually are not as they end up cached somewhere)...which is why I've been playing down that aspect of this PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, are there any other 6.0 PRs/features we'd like to specifically highlight or discuss today?  Or should we jump into the list of PRs and review some?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; But yes. One might NEVER end up touching dspace.cfg again</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: that is my hope with that PR. You never need to directly change any of the default *.cfg files again ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; OK, any other topics folks want to specifically bring up?  (Last chance before we dive into some PR reviews)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Don’t know if anybody already noticed my work on: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2222">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2222</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-2222] Fix DSpace code via FindBugs - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2222">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2222</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2222">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2222</a> ] - [DS-2222] Fix DSpace code via FindBugs - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I think if we can get the scary and/or scariest bugs out of there we can enable findbugs by default on a certain level in travis</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Does anybody have anything against this, or have some comments ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV: yes, I've been seeing your many many PRs come across. I've yet to be able to put much time into testing/reviewing them myself yet (as I'm trying to quickly put in a UI Prototype for the upcoming UI Prototype Challenge deadline)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, four of them were merged and closed....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV: I'd personally like to enable findbugs in Travis (once things are cleaned up enough)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm +1 on any for which I have a clear opinion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Not the highest prior ofc, but would be nice to have it in for DSpace 6.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I would encourage folks to *merge* the obvious bug fixes immediately.  There's really no need to wait around for more votes, if the fix is very obvious, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Don’t want to hold up the meeting just wanted people to know &amp; hopefully get some eyes on it ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; e.g. DSPR#1186 is one that falls under the "just merge it"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1186">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1186</a> ] - [DS-2912] Sub daily script is broken by KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; No problem. We'll jump back into some PR reviews now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Last week, we reviewed a lot of the more recent feature PRs....we got all the way down to 1159</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's the list of those flagged as "feature" <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Afeature">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Afeature</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Afeature">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?utf8=%E2%9C%93&amp;q=is%3Aopen+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Afeature</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, today, I'd propose starting us off at some of the older PRs (earlier than 1159)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Which is +1 now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; assetstore looks +1, needs some services flavored refactoring</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: yes, 1159 just needs some light refactoring I think. It's looking good overall</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think the 79 PR has accumulated a lot of interesting ideas which probably should be separate tickets.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: are you saying that DSPR#1159 needs multiple tickets to describe *each* of the features in there?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1159">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1159</a> ] - DS-79 Assetstore to support different implementations, including S3 by peterdietz</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The original intent is fine.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Yeah, Mark Diggory was suggesting to rethink how to shuffle the bits. Resumable, look for tricks in Guava</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Toward the bottom we've all been adding ideas that sort of wander off the topic.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. I'm not sure if there's anything else specific to discuss here with 1159? If not, we can move along</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think 1159 is probably good to merge with or without renaming things but shouldn't get bogged down with reworking the configuration, adding Guava all over, etc.  (Good ideas for later.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I need to spend some time refactoring. Yes, can move on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, move on.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next on the list is actually #1104 (Commons Configuration), which has been under discussion already. Just needs testers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I don't think there's anything else to immediately touch upon with 1104..so, I'll move along to the next one</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Letitia_Mukherje&gt; Hello, I have sent in a contribution on behalf of Elsevier;  DS-2877 Import of ScienceDirect metadata including embargo and linking to or embedding of the final version #1162 . Are there any questions on it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2877">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2877</a> ] - [DS-2877] Import of ScienceDirect metadata including embargo and linking to or embedding of the final version - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Letitia_Mukherje: Oh, thanks for letting us know you were here.  We can jump to that one now.  Looks like it's DSPR#1162</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1162">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1162</a> ] - DS-2877 Import of ScienceDirect metadata including embargo and linking to or embedding of the final version by LetitiaMukherjee</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Letitia_Mukherje&gt; Yes, apologies, I was on the #dspace chat, first time i join..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; It looks like helix84 did some testing of this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Letitia_Mukherje: is there any more documentation on how to test this feature? It looks like helix84 already tried (based on comments in 2877) and hit errors immediately</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Usually when that sort of issue occurs, we wait for resolution of the bugs (or documented workarounds) before we can perform additional testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Letitia_Mukherje&gt; Yes, Atmire is working on the documentation, they first wanted to make sure the contribution was in before the deadline</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; FileAccess looks new to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; <a href="https://github.com/LetitiaMukherjee/DSpace/blob/DS-2877/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/importer/external/README.md">https://github.com/LetitiaMukherjee/DSpace/blob/DS-2877/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/importer/external/README.md</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/README.md at DS-2877 · LetitiaMukherjee/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/LetitiaMukherjee/DSpace/blob/DS-2877/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/importer/external/README.md">https://github.com/LetitiaMukherjee/DSpace/blob/DS-2877/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/importer/external/README.md</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2877">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2877</a> ] - [DS-2877] Import of ScienceDirect metadata including embargo and linking to or embedding of the final version - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Letitia_Mukherje&gt; The goal of the plugins is to help IRs gather metadata, abstracts and DOI links from ScienceDirect and link entitled users to the final version on SD</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Letitia_Mukherje&gt; Both live import and batch import use cases are possible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, the concept sounds fine to me. But, it sounds like it has bugs in the testing that need resolution before we'd be able to give it a more thorough test &amp; review?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Letitia_Mukherje&gt; Ok, I will pass that message onto Atmire, who is doing the development, many thanks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; No problem. At this time, I think we're mostly just waiting on a testable version. Once the bugs are worked out, we can do more thorough tests, etc.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I do think that this sounds like something which many sites will find desirable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, before moving back to our list, I realize we haven't yet discussed DS-2876 (the framework the previous PR is based on) in a meeting.  It's had several comments in the ticket, and is a separate DSPR#1160</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1160">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1160</a> ] - DS-2876 Framework for importing external metadata by jonas-atmire</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2876">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2876</a> ] - [DS-2876] Framework to better support metadata import from external sources - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; For the actual framework I think it would be best to address my colleague Roeland Dillen (Who should be present for the meeting next week)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; This meeting was a bit late for him today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;Letitia_Mukherje&gt; &lt;mhwood&gt; I am liaising with 120 institutions worldwide who are interested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Overall, I'm guessing this sounds like a good feature to add. I seeing on SD export to Mendeley, RefWorks, RIS, BibTex, Text. I'm wondering if there is a best format for data transfer between every repository?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV: OK, that's good to know.  I mostly wanted to make others aware of the discussions already on the ticket...namely around having two competing frameworks for the two competing UIs :)   But, as noted in the ticket, it may not be a big deal for now, as long as we standardize on *one* in Dspace 7</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I'm referring to the discussions within the 2876 ticket itself...in case others haven't seen it, it'd be worth reviewing prior to next week's meeting)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It appears to me that the framework, with the exception of a couple of dependencies added to a POM, is 100% new code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: it is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I've never actually used BTE. So I don't have much insight into competing between the new metadata import service, and BTE. But I would be in favor of things to be feature complete, easy to use, documented, ...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So it probably can't hurt. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The end goal is just to get to a *single UI* (in DSpace 7). If we have two competing import frameworks (BTE &amp; this new one) we'll have to choose *one*.  So, while we *can* have duplicative frameworks in DSpace 6, one is going to be removed in DSpace 7.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I just wanted to make that 100% clear. It's not that I'm against the duplicity in DSpace 6. It's just that we need to choose one for the long term</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, we can talk through this more next week, when Roeland is around. Just wanted to get those thoughts out there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; 2 frameworks, many many formats. For DSpace7+, it means 1 framework, many many supported formats</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Back to our list of feature PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up for review is DSPR#1086</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1086">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1086</a> ] - DS-2583: Quality Control Reporting via REST API (v4)  by terrywbrady</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; There's been a ton of discussion in the PR itself on this one. I know terrybrady is excited to get this one into the codebase &amp; could use extra testers/reviewers here.  Any immediate thoughts or volunteers on this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I've given the REST QC a run. I suggested to move the reports from DSpace-Labs, to  /rest/static/reports</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: yes, it looks like terry merged your suggestion of putting the reports into the codebase itself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* Letitia_Mukherje (9124eb03@gateway/web/freenode/ip.145.36.235.3) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Does anyone have thoughts on this as a feature?  Good/bad?  It seems like something that could be of broad use, assuming you are OK with building your reports via REST.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (And that'd be much much better than manually building some local reports via SQL or similar)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Also, I think we're running into needing to figure out multi-webapp SSO. <a href="https://tomcat.apache.org/tomcat-7.0-doc/config/host.html#Single_Sign_On">https://tomcat.apache.org/tomcat-7.0-doc/config/host.html#Single_Sign_On</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Apache Tomcat 7 Configuration Reference (7.0.65) - The Host Container ] - <a href="https://tomcat.apache.org/tomcat-7.0-doc/config/host.html#Single_Sign_On">https://tomcat.apache.org/tomcat-7.0-doc/config/host.html#Single_Sign_On</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Configs for a few of Terry's PR's include a disabled-by-default auth bypass</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Woops, still?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1173/files#diff-a9f8bb21850852f7ed98e33220c0876cR10">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1173/files#diff-a9f8bb21850852f7ed98e33220c0876cR10</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-2894:REST Call to return Optimized Hierarchy by terrywbrady · Pull Request #1173 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1173/files#diff-a9f8bb21850852f7ed98e33220c0876cR10">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1173/files#diff-a9f8bb21850852f7ed98e33220c0876cR10</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I don't see how the Tomcat doc. applies to DSpace, since we're not using container-managed authNZ</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that's a different PR though, right? Or is this same thing also in 1086?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; Tim, your right, I think I hopped over to the hierarchy one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, wait, it *is* also in 1086: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1086/files#diff-a9f8bb21850852f7ed98e33220c0876cR34">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1086/files#diff-a9f8bb21850852f7ed98e33220c0876cR34</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-2583: Quality Control Reporting via REST API (v4) by terrywbrady · Pull Request #1086 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1086/files#diff-a9f8bb21850852f7ed98e33220c0876cR34">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1086/files#diff-a9f8bb21850852f7ed98e33220c0876cR34</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; But, back to the point. Are pre-built report tools helpful. I would say yes. The ones specifically included with the QC tools, I don't know if I've been asked to produce ones like that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; But I regularly produce reports on amount of disk storage for contents for each comm/coll in the hierarchy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; For that, we make SQL query to each instance DB</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; peterdietz: so would this help you with those reports?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue added a comment to 1086 regarding the disabled authN option</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; close. Maybe I can add a storage size_bytes tally</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I don't have much to add to this topic. Overall +1.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've been wanting to rework my old content-statistics servlet into REST.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; This is the perfect time to inject that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I guess I'm mostly wanting to hear feedback from others who want to see a framework like this in REST, to do more reports on. It *sounds* like mhwood &amp; peterdietz both want that, even if these are all the exact reports you need.  So, the question is, does this framework make that easier to achieve..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; my view here is this *looks* useful. But, I admit, i don't tend to run such reports myself...I'd like to hear from someone who *does* want to see reports via REST :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, I don't need *reports*; I need *numbers* that can go into a dashboard for all of our various and sundry services.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I'm still trying to figure out these reports.  But I may know someone here who would be more interested than I.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; (I also sample our numbers periodically into a database so that we can chart content growth over time.  No charts yet, alas.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so it sounds like there's no objections here (which is good).  It seems like to me, the initial "strength" of these default reports is in finding metadata issues...namely these settings: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1086/files#diff-a9f8bb21850852f7ed98e33220c0876cR113">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1086/files#diff-a9f8bb21850852f7ed98e33220c0876cR113</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-2583: Quality Control Reporting via REST API (v4) by terrywbrady · Pull Request #1086 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1086/files#diff-a9f8bb21850852f7ed98e33220c0876cR113">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1086/files#diff-a9f8bb21850852f7ed98e33220c0876cR113</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, it also seems like it *should* be possible to extend this for other useful reports/outputs that folks want to see</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I agree.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, generally then...we should work to help get this into 6.0, and it'd be good to find a tester or two to help Terry make that happen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If anyone has interest at your institution, please do try to test this out, and help us get this into 6.0.  I'll leave it at that for now/today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; May I just mention that folk who are bugged by all that EHCache serialization noise in the logs may want to take a peek at DSPR#1170.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1170">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1170</a> ] - [DS-2763] EHCache throwing a NotSerializableException: org.dspace.content.CollectionServiceImpl by mwoodiupui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood++ (I haven't had a chance to try it yet..I hope to next week, perhaps, but if others get to it first, I'd love to see these issues fixed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm realizing we're already over time today. Unfortunately, I'm going to have to close up the meeting, as I have a few things still left to get done before the holiday (USA Thanksgiving tomorrow).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One final reminder though... the DSpace UI Prototype Challenge deadline is NEXT WEEK (Friday, Dec 4). So, get your prototypes in, if you are interested in taking part! <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+UI+Prototype+Challenge">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+UI+Prototype+Challenge</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace UI Prototype Challenge - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+UI+Prototype+Challenge">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+UI+Prototype+Challenge</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I'm thankful for holidays</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; With that, we'll close out today's meeting. Thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I'm not thankful for deadlines ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; me neither ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I *should* be; otherwise I'd never finish anything. :-(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Until next week guys !</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C5104D.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
