<span class="irc-date">[6:30]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:30]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:30]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:30]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-holmes.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@ec2-107-22-210-74.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[8:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-73-45-154-218.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:01]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* awoods (~awoods@c-67-165-245-76.hsd1.co.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (~cknowles@is-lac-maclap1.is.ed.ac.uk) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kohts (~kohts@195.68.180.4) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;5 minute warning...the DSpace Dev Mtg starts at the top of the hour</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In the meantime, today's agenda is at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-06-17">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-06-17</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2015-06-17 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-06-17">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-06-17</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Audio check:  wondering yesterday why "export metadata" from an Item yields CSV instead of tag/value pair lines or some such, which would seem more immediately useful.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Last night I wrote a tiny Ruby script to reformat these 2-line exports.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: pretty sure it exports CSV as that's the "Batch Metadata Editing" format</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sensible.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, it's DSpace Developer Meeting time.  Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-06-17">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-06-17</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2015-06-17 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-06-17">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-06-17</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, as you all surely already know, last week was OR15.  Lots happened. There's way too much to summarize ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I just sent (across lists) links to the DSpace Technology Roadmap talk (video &amp; slides) for anyone who did NOT get to see it yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; They are also in the agenda</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger also has a great summary of his "take aways" from OR15 which I'd encourage folks to read: <a href="http://lso.umsystem.edu/~pottingerhj/article/47/or-2015-recap">http://lso.umsystem.edu/~pottingerhj/article/47/or-2015-recap</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* srobbins (~srobbins@libstfsdg02.library.illinois.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ article: hardy@lso: OR 2015 Recap ] - <a href="http://lso.umsystem.edu/~pottingerhj/article/47/or-2015-recap">http://lso.umsystem.edu/~pottingerhj/article/47/or-2015-recap</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; tdonohue: can you (or someone else) summorize what features you expect for 6.0 after you talked to several probably contributors?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: excellent question :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 6.0 still seems very much "up in the air" in terms of exact features.  Admittedly, because of excitement around the Roadmap (7.0 and beyond), the amount of time spent on 6.0 was not ideal.  So, <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.0+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.0+Status</a> is still the best "list" we have, which leaves us with more work to do</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 6.0 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.0+Status">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.0+Status</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I will mention though that I have a call with @mire scheduled for tomorrow to talk about a possible contribution from them.... a "Services API + Hibernate", i.e. some low-level refactoring that might be of interest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; what can we do as prep for 7 that can go in 6?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I'm highly interested in Hibernate, would be great to get some news about it asap.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll be talking with @mire about getting the code in our hands ASAP along with enough info to start to analyze it for possible addition in 6.0.  It sounds like they may want to even potentially do a short presentation to Committers/developers on this refactoring idea</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; would be good to get it in early</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; cknowles: This refactoring of the codebase from @mire *might* actually be beneficial to 7.0 (as it starts to "modularize" DSpace). But, I'll admit, I don't know enough *yet* to be certain</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, to cknowles point, I think there are also some "cleanup" tasks that we NEED to achieve in 6.0.  First and foremost is finally *removing* support of Lucene search and DB-based browse (both have been deprecated since 4.x)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; pbecker: it's mostly Kevin's work, this is the repo, though they may have something newer: <a href="https://github.com/KevinVdV/dspace-hibernate-datamodel">https://github.com/KevinVdV/dspace-hibernate-datamodel</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ KevinVdV/dspace-hibernate-datamodel · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/KevinVdV/dspace-hibernate-datamodel">https://github.com/KevinVdV/dspace-hibernate-datamodel</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I recall that near the end of 5.0 there were two offers of "author profiles" or something like it, and no time to evaluate or harmonize them.  Maybe we can move that forward, if we start Really Soon Now?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84 &amp; pbecker: there is newer code from KevinVdV's work to create a Service API &amp; enable hibernate. This is the latest I'm aware of: <a href="https://github.com/KevinVdV/DSpace/tree/dspace-service-api">https://github.com/KevinVdV/DSpace/tree/dspace-service-api</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ KevinVdV/DSpace at dspace-service-api · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/KevinVdV/DSpace/tree/dspace-service-api">https://github.com/KevinVdV/DSpace/tree/dspace-service-api</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; helix84: thanks, I know this one.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hold on to your hats :)  1,050 changed files  with 8,490 additions and 12,479 deletions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: while that's a nice idea, I worry that discussion of "Author Profiles" is destined to snowball into a larger argument of the DSpace data model (which dspace-cris changes in order to support their "author profiles").  I'm not sure it's achievable for 6.0 to be honest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I mentioned to Bram at OR that this contribution seems to contain a number of features which might be easier to evaluate if they were disentangled.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; "profiles":  well, with the recent surge of interest in ORCID, I thought I'd mention it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood: yes, it will make much more sense to work on both ORCID and author profiles when we have contributors as first-class entities in DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: I agree, "profiles" are of very high interest. I just think the discussion may need to wait for "modularizing" DSpace (or at least a plan for how to do so), and possibly data model refactoring discussions (which helix84 also notes as "contributors as first-class entities"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I agree that there may already be so much that we need to do in 6.0 that profiles may be too much to add.  Then again, maybe not, if additional developers join in.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Another option for 6.0 which is not exactly "flashy" but could be highly beneficial.... actually starting to "tease apart" a business logic layer (to build new UIs on).  It's unfortunately not a huge "feature" itself though it could add features to REST API (as there are gaps in what that REST API can do)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, that is also another potentially larger "refactoring"...and we have @mire's refactoring to first review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is this actually a new layer, or just a more disciplined approach to whether code belongs in dspace-api or dspace-$UI?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (I just thought I'd throw that out there though, as it'd be highly beneficial to the roadmap)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; think ‘business logic layer’ and REST API work would be great for building UI demos on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: the latter. I'd hope it's *not* a new layer.  One option is that it *could* be turning "dspace-rest" into a "dspace-web-api" (which can be called via either REST or Java).  But, at the very least, it's trying to get code in the "right" place so logic isn't repeated in each UI layer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 cknowles.  This refactoring would be highly beneficial to UI prototyping work. It may end up being necessitated by UI prototyping (at least to some extent)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Looking at it from the other end, UI work can be used to drive common functions out of the existing UIs into dspace-api.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yes, that's kinda what I'm referring too when I say "it may end up being necessitated by UI prototyping"....in that as UI prototypes get moving, they may need to move common functions elsewhere in order to avoid repeating them.  But, we'd need to be *careful* that the UI prototypes don't just copy business logic into their new UI layer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cknowles&gt; sorry got to go. Later meetings crazily are generally more convenient!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; i.e. we don't want UI prototypes that just repeat this same bad design of business logic in the UI layer, just cause it's "easier for now"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; i'll have to disappear soo, too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, exactly:  if UI code is making policy decisions, for example, that's wrong.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hence, it might be nice to also think about *what we want* in a "business logic layer", so we have a vision towards moving there (even if it's gradual)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One option here is to *start* to get in front of the problem by moving "business logic" over to either 'dspace-api' AND/OR 'dspace-rest'. If more goes to "dspace-rest", it could be logically renamed the 'dspace-web-api' (and encouraging all UIs use that API either via Java calls or REST calls)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I tend to think of dspace-rest as another UI -- a machine-to-machine UI.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; mhwood++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but again, this is a bigger refactoring project...and we might need more info on what @mire has already done to see if it is (a) acceptable, and (b) affects how we'd do business logic API work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; dspace-rest depends on dspace-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cknowles (~cknowles@is-lac-maclap1.is.ed.ac.uk) Quit (Ping timeout: 250 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; one example would be enforcing access policies solely at the API level, which we currently do with exceptions. See more in comments to DS-2588.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2588">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2588</a> ] - [DS-2588] Remove or merge pre-3.0 Embargo functionality with new Embargo - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; if we start to put business logic into dspace-rest we loose any clear structure we might currently have</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Not sure I agree with that limitation on 'dspace-rest', but maybe I'm just saying this differently. :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We have UIs that make DSpace look like SWORD, like PMH, like HTML, and now like REST.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In my mind, ideally we'd have one primary API which all Webapps would communicate with.  That way we can actually run integration tests, unit tests at that API level.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; tdonohue++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; that is dspace-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; and dspace-rest is just some kind of interface to that API.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; That's why I would prefer to see the business logic going to dspace-api instead of adding it to dspace-rest.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; dspace-sword uses dspace-api, dspace-oai uses dspace-api, so should dspace-rest.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree with that conceptually, pbecker. I just worry that has the potential to "overload" dspace-api (i.e. it's the "everything" API).  Maybe that's "good enough" for now though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I suppose it depends on what use you make of REST.  To build a human UI on top of it, or to use it as an information utility (like the scripts I have that supplement statistical goop from Solr with things like names that aren't in Solr.)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; When I was talking about a "dspace-web-api", I was meaning an "interface" to the lower level API that would be called by ALL WEBAPPS (and that'd mean refactoring OAI, SWORD, etc. to use it).  But, maybe that's a "next step" after we clean up business logic in general</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; dspace-rest is a wrapper for dspace-api.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; not less but also not more. If we talk about where to add more business logic, I wouldn't add it to the wrapper, I would add it to the api every dspace module (in the sense of our current modules) is using.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; tdonohue: I don't see any benefits, just much more work. Why shouldn't dspace-oai use dspace-api directly? What would you like to see in dspace-rest what shouldn't be part of dspace-api?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If we get our layering right, people can build integrated *and* arm's-length human UIs, as appropriate.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; Currently dspace-rest does make more than being just a wrapper in some places, for example it hides the concept of bundles, which should be done under the Java API.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: to that point, I'd actually argue that we may not WANT every dspace module to call 'dspace-api' (as that gives them 'free reign' to just repeat business logic into their UI layer, as they currently do).  But, maybe this is a discussion to table for the future ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: the idea was, assuming that we make dspace-rest only a thin wrapper on dspace-api, then you may freely implement your UI on either without duplication of business logic</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; helix84: exactly, thanks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I was conceptually thinking of a "business logic layer" as something *between* dspace-api and dspace-[UI] (which helps enforce that a UI cannot just have free-reign to add a ton of custom business logic).  But, you are all correct that maybe that's not needed, and we could just treat "dspace-api" both as the API &amp; Business logic layer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Well, an integrated UI can always call into dspace-api.  Only discipline will help.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Business logic has to have an API or it has no function.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: you are also right that in the future we may want to think of modularizing dspace-api into multiple java APIs, each dealing with a particular concern, like a workflow API, content API, user management API, but I think it's practical to push that back into the future and concentrate on getting business logic under current dspace-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: I can agree with that statement. Thanks for restating that in a different way, as it's essentially what I'm pointing at.... Overloading the "dspace-api" into an API "for all things/activities" is a bit problematic as we modularize DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I do concede though that *for now*, the easiest route may be to move business logic into the dspace-api</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think that the resistance here is not so much "dspace-api should have everything in it", but rather "the UIs should not have so much in them."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; regarding dspace-rest, there's a slight problem we should address ASAP - lack of versioning. Not only is not dspace-rest stable across DSpace releases, it doesn't currently even let you find out the underlying DSpace version.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; +1 to versioning dspace-rest. I'm going to admit here though that I don't know what's considered the "best practice" for REST versioning these days (as I know that has some controversy on the "best" way)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Versioning REST:  +1.  DSpace version:  does REST expose a Site endpoint?  That's the place for DSpace's version.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; helix84: do we already have a ticket for this? Will we need a versioning for the rest api itself or can we reuse DSpace version numbers?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; pbecker: not sure if we have a ticket. The later os an open question. Reusing DSpace version number is the bare minimum we can do. Ensuring REST API stability across version is the other extreme.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; re-using DSpace version numbers might be an "easy way out" here.  Though it might be more complex for folks dependent on REST, as they'll need to see if their REST-based code works across DSpace versions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sorry, gotta run, see you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; bye helix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think we should not re-use the DSpace version for an API version without trying to do something else.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Would someone be willing to create a ticket on the REST versioning for 6.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I don't see any specific problems, but it smells of trouble down the road.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yea, it's definitely not ideal, as it's the same as what we current "have" (in a way).  DSpace 4.x REST is a different version from DSpace 5.x REST, with different endpoints</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can write it up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks, mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, back to our agenda (which we left some time ago).  I wanted to touch briefly on some (relatively significant) bugs in 5.2, which may arguably warrant a small 5.3 to fix</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DS-2602, DS-2593, DS-2603 all are arguably quite problematic for 5.x sites (all for different reasons, as they are unrelated)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2602">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2602</a> ] - [DS-2602] Clicking on a letter when browsing by title does not work - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2593">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2593</a> ] - [DS-2593] Withdrawn items remain in OAI-PMH until the next full re-import - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2603">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2603</a> ] - [DS-2603] The citation_pdf_url metadata is null when it shouldn&amp;#39;t  - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Some of these seem like *very minor*, but highly important, bugs to resolve in 5.x.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, I'd like feedback on this. Does it seem like we should do a (hopefully quick) 5.3 to you all?   I'm worried about 2602 and 2603 (which affects Google Scholar indexing) sitting around in 5.x</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2593 is also something I've heard of from folks who use OAI-PMH...it's not ideal either</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 2603:  what should it do if there is more than one ORIGINAL bitstream and none is primary?  Just pick the first one returned?  Something smarter?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; What would be smarter?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: there's a PR for that ;) DSPR#959</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/959">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/959</a> ] - DS-2603: now if the item doesn&amp;#39;t have a primary bitstream the value o… by nicolasschwab · Pull Request #959 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; the PR grabs the first bitstream (in the display order) and puts it in citation_pdf_url (which is much better than 'null')</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good, it just needs review.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, to be clear, both 2602 and 2603 have fixes ready to go</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Indexing by external services is kinda important.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2593 (OAI-PMH issues) needs more analysis &amp; work though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yea, and Browse-by-Title is kinda important (2602) ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I don't think we ought to let these linger until December/January.  Even if I have to do some work myself. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; tdonohue: I see that 2603 can be seen as urgent, but shouldn't we perhaps wait some weeks and see if more thinks comes up?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; the last release is not so far away...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree, mhwood. Which is why I wanted to bring up a 5.3 release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; and I hope that DS-2614 gets some attention as well...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2614">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2614</a> ] - ('Unexpected error:', &lt;type 'exceptions.AttributeError'&gt;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: in a way, I'd rather not spend much time on a 5.3 (as I worry that doing so would be detrimental to work on 6.0).  So, I'd like to get 5.3 out quickly, even if it means it only fixes a handful of (very important) bugs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If there are things that are nearing "ready to go" (or have someone willing to volunteer for them now), then we can wait around a few weeks. But, I hate to wait "indefinitely" for things that don't yet have volunteers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If we say today, "we're doing a 5.3", that doesn't mean it will be released today, or by the end of next week for that matter.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; do we have a plan for 6.0? This may be helpful to determine the write time for a 5.3 (some weeks before we really start working on 6.0).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; (with working I mean before we start reviewing PR and not local work to preparate PRs of course)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; There should be no time when we are not reviewing PRs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 6.0 needs a Release Team. We don't yet have one, so we don't yet have a full "plan" for 6.0.  The only thing that is clear to me is that, unfortunately I'm unlikely to be able to do much with 6.0 if I'm going to be driving UI-prototyping / development.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Did anyone actually talk to anyone at OR about being on the 6.0 RT?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 6.0 should be started *now* though. Stuff can get voted in and reviewed now, even without a Release Team. But, we do need to finalize the schedule for 6.0 soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: I had some small side discussions to that effect, but most folks seem interested in the larger Roadmap (which I understand is exciting).  My goal is to try to find folks who want things in 6.0 and get them to step up on the Release Team to make that happen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, let this be the message:  "If you want a particular feature/change in 6.0, we highly recommend you help on the Release Team."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And, I'll send a message to that effect to the Committers list (hopefully later today)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In the meantime, I think we are already accepting code into "master" for 6.0 (obviously needs committer approval though &amp; should 'align' with the larger Roadmap).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In addition, I'd highly encourage folks to volunteer to help fix bugs in 5.x for a quick 5.3 release (in the near future -- likely sometime in July, but exact date is TBD).  Some tickets of high interest include DS-2593 and DS-2614 (along with 2602 and 2603, which have fixes)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2593">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2593</a> ] - [DS-2593] Withdrawn items remain in OAI-PMH until the next full re-import - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2614">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2614</a> ] - ('Unexpected error:', &lt;type 'exceptions.AttributeError'&gt;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As we are now "overtime", I think we'll close up the meeting for today. Thanks for the discussion!  Please do get in touch about being on the 6.0 Release Team, if you have an interest.  If anyone can stick around, we'll be doing some JIRA backlog reviews over in #dspace shortly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jm__ (57c568d1@gateway/web/freenode/ip.87.197.104.209) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* kohts (~kohts@195.68.180.4) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pnbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pnbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:50]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jm__ (57c568d1@gateway/web/freenode/ip.87.197.104.209) Quit (Quit: Page closed)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-73-45-154-218.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
