<span class="irc-date">[2:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* awoods (~awoods@c-98-245-50-182.hsd1.co.comcast.net) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* airborn (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* airborn (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) Quit (Ping timeout: 255 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* airborn (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-sinisalo.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* airborn (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* airborn (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* airborn (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* airborn (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* airborn (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* airborn (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[10:44]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@66.45.158.31) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-160190.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qjeeobfnbfowhtlx) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jcreel (~jcreel@nat-165-91-13-155.tamulink.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* srobbins (~srobbins@libstfsdg02.library.illinois.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all. Welcome. It's our weekly DSpace Developers Mtg: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-10-21">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-10-21</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2015-10-21 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-10-21">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-10-21</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, today, as in recent weeks, we're mostly scheduled to talk about 6.0 and 5.4</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Before we get started though, I neglected to mention in today's agenda that I have a conflict with next week's DevMtg (Oct 28 @ 20:00 UTC).  So, unfortunately, I'll be unable to attend that meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* terry-b (~chrome@71-212-24-25.tukw.qwest.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I suspect through the course of today's meeting, we'll get a good sense of what next week's agenda should look like though.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And before the end of this meeting, I'll see if one of you can take the lead next week in my absence</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But, we'll set that aside for now, and move on to our first topic for today: DSpace 6.0 &amp; its timeline, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As pbecker noted in the agenda... The Pull Request Deadline for 6.0 is (very) rapidly approaching.  In fact, it's one week from tomorrow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; In the last days I fixed versioning for JSPUI.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Now I'm rebasing my PRs for the versioning feature.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This brings up an important question: Are we really going to be able to "meet" this deadline?   While it seemed reasonable when the Service API refactor was initially merged, we've encountered some instability issues in the refactored API that have taken away from our ability to easily rebase all "broken" PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I noticed that I mainly have to completly rewrite them as so much has changed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; It is impossible for me to rebase all my PRs for the Deadline.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I can say today, that I won't make this deadline and ask for more time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; (we should note that our RC, Andrea Schweer, cannot attend this meeting due to the timing of it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll also note that rebasing my PR to add Reloadable Configs (via Apache Commons Config) also has taken forever. It's now *finally* passing Unit Tests, but still isn't working correctly in the new API.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: aschweer is RC for 5.4...not for 6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; heh, true, for now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hpottinger: always pushing? ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I guess my question is... what do we feel we should do about the PR deadline?  It seems unlikely that all our 6.0 PRs will be rebased in time.  Do we give individual PRs extensions, or do we push the deadline back?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; hmm... it sounded like pbecker said "I'd like to be RC for 6"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I have S3 assetstore, which needs to be refactored still. And I wanted to contribute SAML auth, but I'm nervous that it might add too much complexity to a UI... That perhaps just leave that as a recipe of here's how to wire this yourself...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; ..since I don't think I could wire it super clean (just change this 1 config) in time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Currently, we still have 59 PRs which are flagged as "merge conflict".  Guaranteed, some of these are old PRs which likely won't even be considered for 6.0 (as they are outdated anyway). But, it gives you an idea of the scale of this: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22merge+conflict%22">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22merge+conflict%22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22merge+conflict%22">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22merge+conflict%22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 24 PRs are flagged as both "merge conflict" and under consideration for 6.0: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22merge+conflict%22+milestone%3A6.0">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22merge+conflict%22+milestone%3A6.0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22merge+conflict%22+milestone%3A6.0">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+label%3A%22merge+conflict%22+milestone%3A6.0</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I don't like the idea of giving some PRs more time. That just reduces the time to review and merge those.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I think we need more time as hard as that is regarding the final release date.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Just for context, here's our current tentative release timelines: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.0+Status#DSpaceRelease6.0Status-ReleaseTimeline">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.0+Status#DSpaceRelease6.0Status-ReleaseTimeline</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I think we have to accept that the schedule must slip.  Services API is taking longer to finish up than we expected, due to the amount of other code affected.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Release 6.0 Status - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.0+Status#DSpaceRelease6.0Status-ReleaseTimeline">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Release+6.0+Status#DSpaceRelease6.0Status-ReleaseTimeline</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, what seems like a good option?  Do we push back a week, two weeks, a month?   I'd hate to push too far back, but at the same time, I realize the scope of this problem is a bit unique (first major API refactor we've *ever* done)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Not less than two weeks, I think.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; mhwood++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd agree that one week seems too small.  I'd hate to push back a full month... but 2-3 weeks might work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I have at seven PRs to rebase. The first is almost done.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; s/have at/have</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; pbecker meant to say: I have seven PRs to rebase. The first is almost done.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Anyone want to argue for 3 rather than 2?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I'm glad about every day I can get.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Two weeks would push the deadline to Thus, Nov 12.   Three weeks would be Thurs, Nov 19</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Do we think Nov 12 is doable...it's three weeks from tomorrow?  I feel it'd work for me.  But, I want to be sure others feel comfortable with that over Nov 19</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; any more and you're edging into US holiday season</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Honestly, speak up here if you really thing 3 weeks is needed.  Otherwise, I think I'm leaning towards just extending by 2 weeks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; s/thing/think/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; tdonohue meant to say: Honestly, speak up here if you really think 3 weeks is needed.  Otherwise, I think I'm leaning towards just extending by 2 weeks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I hope I can do it in to more weeks. Three would be better.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Let's say to more weeks ans if need one more for previously selected PRs. Is that fine?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; s/ans/and</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; pbecker meant to say: Let's say to more weeks and if need one more for previously selected PRs. Is that fine?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone else have opinions here?  Or does this really only affect pbecker &amp; I?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: I think it's reasonable to provide exceptions for specific PRs. We just would want them to not take *too* much longer obviously :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes this seems like a quiet group today :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; I've got a nebulous several weeks amount of time I would want.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think we're all waiting to see if anyone has a strong opinion. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 2/3 weeks, either runs into my vacation at the end of the month, I'll need to get cracking on the few PRs I've been considering</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, sounds like we go with 2 weeks then. The new PR deadline will be Thurs, Nov 12.  If in the next week or so we realize we need to push to Nov 19, we can do so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; sounds good!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; If one hasn't developed something by now, then they shouldn't try to stuff it in, in the next 3 weeks, postpone that for dspace.next (7)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; After this meeting, we'll do some more 6.0 PR reviews in the JIRA backlog hour.  We'll try and keep this a normal thing for PRs which are already "waiting"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, the only other topic under 6.0 that I have on the agenda was DS-2030, added by pbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2030">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2030</a> ] - [DS-2030] Remove IP address based session hijacking protection - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I just wanted to get some attention on this ticket.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker is there specific quick feedback you wanted here?  Did you just want approval to move forward with this idea?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It seems reasonable to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I would like to remove our current IP-Based session hijacking mechanism. I think it is not a good one and tomcat already contains better ones.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I just want to know if there are objections against completely removing it without any replacements?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It seems reasonable to me too... the code you are talking about removing is ancient (from 1.5 days, or earlier).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; In XMLUI it is configurable, but I would remove it as well. I do consider this as bad practice.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; My only request would be that we might want to document (or link to) *how* to achieve this same idea in Tomcat, for folks who still want it.  That way there's a "replacement" for this old, outdated code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; tdonohue: I don't know if it is achievable in tomcat at all. But if you're googling about it, you find many comments that say "don't do it, bad idea, use better mechanisms to detect session hijacking)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jcreel (~jcreel@nat-165-91-13-155.tamulink.tamu.edu) Quit (Quit: jcreel)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm fine with removing the code / config entirely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I think Tomcat "just does this" on it's own, there is lots of that kind of thing built into Tomcat7 now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-green">* jcreel (~jcreel@nat-165-91-13-155.tamulink.tamu.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hpottinger: exactly, that's why I would silently remove it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, pbecker. Wasn't sure if there was anything else special since you mentioned "tomcat already contains better ones"... I didn't know if you were referring to a special setting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; pbecker: if you see anything about session fixation protection (like resetting a sessino after login) let me know?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hpottinger look at the link in one of the comments.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I haven't read it completely, but I noticed it was showing out that tomcat 7 does something in exactly that direction.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* pbecker notices that he haven't linked it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, I think this old code should just be removed.  If there's any relevant notes about Tomcat, we should add those.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hpottinger: I'll send you a mail, please ask me again in case I forget to do so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; thanks. :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is that all the feedback you needed on 2030 then? Sounds like we all agree to remove it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; that's it. I'll create a PR in time for the deadline. ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; (should be really simple)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Are there any other topics folks need/want to discuss that relate to DSpace 6.0?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; reason I was asking is DS-570, I have a suspicion we may have some old session fixation attack prevention code somewhere</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-570">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-570</a> ] - [DS-570] Redirect users to current page on login - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; just for the log and hpottinger ;-): "Session fixation protection is turned on by default in all Apache Tomcat 7 versions and from Apache Tomcat 6.0.21 on." (source: <a href="http://www.tomcatexpert.com/blog/2011/04/25/session-fixation-protection)">http://www.tomcatexpert.com/blog/2011/04/25/session-fixation-protection)</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: nice. Please add that link to your 2030 ticket too :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think that only applies when having the container manage authentication?  Which we do not.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood is correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; tdonohue: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2030?focusedCommentId=45924&amp;page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-45924">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2030?focusedCommentId=45924&amp;page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-45924</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-2030] Remove IP address based session hijacking protection - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2030?focusedCommentId=45924&amp;page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-45924">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2030?focusedCommentId=45924&amp;page=com.atlassian.jira.plugin.system.issuetabpanels:comment-tabpanel#comment-45924</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2030">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2030</a> ] - [DS-2030] Remove IP address based session hijacking protection - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; mhwood: good point.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aha. ok</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, in the essence of time, is there anything else to discuss about this today?  It seems like this may just need more investigation "offline" (post-meeting)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Everybody seems to think that we can do better than this old code.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep. ok, moving along then to other topics</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; pbecker, when you have a PR, ping me, I'll test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I would say let us remove this old code now. Let us create a ticket to add some better stuff separately.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hpottinger: great!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The DSpace 5.4 release.  As decided in last week's meeting, the 5.4 release is tentatively scheduled for the first week in November. The goal here is to fix any major outstanding 5.x bugs (obviously)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I added this to the agenda mostly to touch base. Are there any updates or specific issues to discuss regarding 5.4?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I know DS-2788 is still sitting around.  cwilper are you aware of any updates to that ticket from @mire?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2788">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2788</a> ] - [DS-2788] Performance degradation of SOLR Discovery indexing in DSpace 5 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm essentially just wanting to ensure 2788 seems like its still possible to resolve by early November.  Many of our other tickets scheduled for 5.4 have PRs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Regarding 5.4, I'll also mention DS-2823, which could use additional "eyes" / testers.  It's a tiny change, but at least for me, it seems significant (and obvious, since Discovery *used* to limit to 10K tokens in the index)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2823">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2823</a> ] - [DS-2823] Discovery doesn&amp;#39;t let you LIMIT the size of full text indexed, which can cause memory issues. - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Lucene used to, yes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Lucene did, yes. But, so did the initial version of Discovery.  It was only when we upgraded Discovery to Solr 4 that this setting "disappeared"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Oh, huh</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And that happened in DSpace 4.0.  So, DSpace 4.0 through 5.3 indexes the *entire text* of documents... but &lt;DSpace 4.0 just indexes the first 10,000 tokens (words)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, the Solr schema counts as "configurable enough"?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; just thinking some institutions might want to retain the choice to "play chicken" with their fulltext indexing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Actually that's in solrconfig.xml, not schema.xml.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no, it's in the schema.xml actually</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; ah, yes, good point, mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; look at the PR: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1120">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1120</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger is confused, goes to look</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-2823: Limit Solr text field size to 10,000 tokens by tdonohue · Pull Request #1120 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1120">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1120</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, so... schema.xml counts as local config option</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think as long as we document how to *change* this, it is ok to put in the schema.xml.  Our tendency to try to stuff everything in dspace.cfg is not very "scalable" long term.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* airborn (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we'll just have to "keep on our toes" when it comes to merging changes from upstream, is all, the schema.xml changes from time to time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think we could put this in a .properties and do conditional substitution in solrconfig.xml?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; look at mhwood speaking favorably of .properties ;-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; &lt;filter class='blah' maxTokenCount='{10000:customMaxTokenCount}' or some such.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Not sure what the suggestion here is, and whether this is worth spending so much time on today.  This setting needs to get into the *schema.xml* one way or the other. Either we "filter" it into there, or we just set it in there and tell people how to change it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Not filtering at build time; Solr will do substitution at startup.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We can talk about it later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yea, send me notes or a PR on that. I didn't realize Solr could do that, I guess</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I personally like the idea of shipping software that has a good chance of surviving no matter what data you throw at it, but some people might disagree</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, any other updates on 5.4 here?  We're running very short on time :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, hearing none...we'll move along</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The next topic on the agenda.  The DSpace UI Prototype Challenge: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+UI+Prototype+Challenge">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+UI+Prototype+Challenge</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace UI Prototype Challenge - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+UI+Prototype+Challenge">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+UI+Prototype+Challenge</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I just wanted to note here that the *deadline* for this challenge will likely be extended (currently at Nov 6) because of the conflicts in timelines with 6.0 (&amp; 5.4)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Still working though on what the new deadline would be...but it may be more like end of Nov / early Dec (early guess)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; An announcement will be forthcoming though, obviously</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; If you have any strong opinions/suggestions on this, you are welcome to ping me on it.  I'll be working with the UI Working Group to get the new deadline set &amp; announced</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That's all I really wanted to say on that..but questions are welcome</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Beyond that, we're nearly out of time here, so I'm not going to bring up any additional topics today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any final thoughts from anyone or questions? (if not, the meeting will be closed shortly)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I just created DS-2825.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2825">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2825</a> ] - ('Unexpected error:', &lt;type 'exceptions.AttributeError'&gt;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* jcreel (~jcreel@nat-165-91-13-155.tamulink.tamu.edu) Quit (Quit: jcreel)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I restricted the visibility of this ticket.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Would be great if you would take a look on it and discuss whether we can and should make tomcat 8 a requirement for DSpace 6 or 7.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; Tomcat 8 is required to implement Session Fixation in DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* airborn (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: thanks for the note</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm not a big fan of implementing session fixation preventing in DSpace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Tomcat 7 includes it already</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll go ahead and close up the meeting for today (additional session fixation discussions can happen ad hoc or in tickets).  If you'd like to join us in #dspace, we'll be doing some 6.0 PR reviews for the next hour (anyone who can make it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hpottinger: but as mhwood noted only if you use the login mechanism of tomcat.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can do reviews for a while, but will have to leave around 1640UTC.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; pbecker, I'm moving to #dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* airborn (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) Quit (Ping timeout: 255 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-green">* airborn (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* airborn (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) Quit (Ping timeout: 250 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-green">* airborn (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* airborn (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) Quit (Ping timeout: 256 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* airborn (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* airborn (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:14]</span> <span class="irc-green">* airborn (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* airborn (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:24]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:33]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-qjeeobfnbfowhtlx) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:32]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:46]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cukhsbuvdbyfgehc) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-160190.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:40]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:03]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* cknowles (uid98028@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-cukhsbuvdbyfgehc) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
