<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:19]</span> <span class="irc-green">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-tlwveoijuuburswz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* airborn_ (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* airborn_ (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) Quit (Ping timeout: 272 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* airborn_ (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* airborn_ (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* srobbins (~srobbins@libstfsdg02.library.illinois.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* airborn_ (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* airborn_ (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) Quit (Ping timeout: 252 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* airborn_ (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* airborn_ (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-green">* airborn_ (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* airborn_ (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) Quit (Ping timeout: 246 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* airborn_ (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* airborn_ (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) Quit (Ping timeout: 272 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-green">* airborn_ (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:19]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* airborn_ (~airborn@unaffiliated/airborn) Quit (Ping timeout: 250 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:25]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-160190.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C5104D.access.telenet.be) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Hi all, it's time for our weekly DSpace DevMtg. Agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-10-14">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-10-14</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2015-10-14 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-10-14">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2015-10-14</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Two main topics today (as usual)... 5.4 and 6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First, starting with 5.4, it seems like we are now to a point where we have a "decent number" of important fixes to get into 5.x. So, I'm wondering if we should think about scheduling a 5.4 release in the near(ish) future</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's the list of things scheduled for 5.4 right now: <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/12942/">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/12942/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace: 5.4 - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/12942/">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS/fixforversion/12942/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We essentially have 4 still open issues... 3 of which have plausible PRs (may need minor refactoring on a few).  and then there's DS-2788 which is "unsolved"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2788">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2788</a> ] - [DS-2788] Performance degradation of SOLR Discovery indexing in DSpace 5 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It seems like if we can tackle these 4 tickets in the near(ish) term, we have ourselves a decent 5.4 release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone from @mire here know of the status of 2788?  KevinVdV or cwilper perhaps?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; We are seeing an issue in 5.3 that we are likely to report.  We cannot get /rest to run in tomcat8.  It runs in tomcat7.  Have others experienced this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* aschweer (~andrea@d157.itstaff.waikato.ac.nz) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I’m not really up to date on this particular issue, I know of its existence but that is it. My main focus is 6.0 at the moment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; hi all, sorry I'm late</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b: I feel like peterdietz (or someone else) was recently working on Tomcat8 + REST...but it may have been on the "master" branch.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; hi all. late, and not all that present, have a call starting any minute.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I've been tinkering with Solr performance a bit, have made some optimizations in the server config, and have done a bit of tinkering with the search solr_config to turn on cache autowarming</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; on localhost rest is fine on tomcat8</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Regarding a 5.4, I'll also note that Google Scholar has discovered DS-2679, and are "pestering" me (nicely though), about when it'll be fixed.  It's a "fixed" ticket, but unreleased as of yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;peterdietz&gt; does catalina.out have anything?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2679">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2679</a> ] - [DS-2679] Google Scholar ordering of metadata tags with multiple values (like authors) broken - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; re Solr: I've got "average" (actually "mode") query response time down to about 251MS at at the worst, and more typically at 20-80MS</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I'm just going through "code review needed" issues to see whether there are others that might qualify for 5.4</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; peterdietz, we have not yet seen anything helpful.  I will encourage my colleague to put in the ticket and any data that might be helpful.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's some other PRs that might qualify for 5.4...they are flagged as such in GitHub: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/milestones/5.4">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/milestones/5.4</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issues · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/milestones/5.4">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/milestones/5.4</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Essentially here, what I'm getting at is that (1) we seem to have some pretty significant bug fixes already into the 5.x branch (and more that could/should be added soon).  (2) We really should think about a 5.4.... (3) So, do we schedule it, or continue to "wait" around for things like 2788?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (crickets) ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'll add a comment to 2788 re: cache autowarming, though that's probably just a win for my repository... we have facets on our home page, and other links to very broad searches... which means keeping the cache around is good for us</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok..well, I'll say that I'd like to see a 5.4 soon. I think the Google Scholar bug fix is very important (and GS is complaining), the Solr logging fix is important...both of these are already in.  Also, DSPR#1045 seems important</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1045">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1045</a> ] - DS-2699 improve search by aschweer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; agreed, search + Scholar are pretty important use cases</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; is DSPR#1045 something that can go into 5.4?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1045">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1045</a> ] - DS-2699 improve search by aschweer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if there's anyone out there who'd like to help get a 5.4 release, I'd do my best to help out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;cwilper&gt; err, re:2788, i think we could still chip away at improving things there. i do plan to run some re-indexing perf. tests soon-ish and i suspect a PR may come out of that within the next couple weeks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I will also promise to help out, I can't RC any more, I've promised people I won't, but I can help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: good point on 1045... we do need to discuss the Boolean operator change (from OR to AND).  But, there is two fixes there..and the initial fix *definitely* applies to 5.4.  The question is only whether the boolean operator change should be rescheduled for 6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so, we need two PRs and two issues, then?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I'm happy to split the PR if that helps</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think it should be split.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yea, 1045 probably should be a split PR with two tickets.  The first commit actually *fixes* the bug that is DS-2699.  The second commit changes the boolean operator</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2699">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2699</a> ] - [DS-2699] Search not working as expected - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think the first commit *needs* to be in 5.4.  The second one is more questionable (but the idea is a good one) and may need to be rescheduled for 6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; yeah well as I've said before, as far as I'm concerned OR default is a bug, but fair enough that this may not be the case for everyone (especially if there are local customisations that rely on OR being default)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; and I know OR has been the default for a long time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aschweer: I actually agreed with you until I realized that DSpace has been using boolean OR since *forever* (possibly since the beginning).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; tdonohue: thanks for looking that up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aschweer: so it made me wonder if we really need to wait for a major release to do full testathon &amp; announcement of "DSpace, now with boolean AND" ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; yes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; what should the operator change do with the dspace.cfg setting? just remove it from dspace.cfg (since it's unused) and we make sure to put instructions in the upgrade docs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The dspace.cfg search settings only apply to Lucene-based search. They should be removed once Lucene is removed (hopefully in 6.0)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; oh also, I think the bugfix commit in my PR is only for XMLUI, it'd be great if someone could look at JSPUI (I'll be away next week)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; ah good point re Lucene still being in the codebase</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; might be a good idea to go through dspace.cfg at that point and check what else is Lucene-only</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep, agreed. The config will be undergoing a major review shortly in my DSPR#1104...I plan to rip it a part a bit as I already found some obsolete configs in there</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1104">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1104</a> ] - DS-2654: Reloadable Configurations via Apache Commons Configuration by tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, back to 5.4.  Is there anyone who'd be willing to help do the 5.4 release (as part of a mini-release team)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it's fun, honest</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; I'm tempted but I'll be away next week and again mid-November, I fear I just won't have the time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Do we have a date for this?  My schedule gets messy as year's end draws near.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we can work it around your schedule, aschweer, if you are still "willing" :)  I'm also feeling swamped, but am willing to chip in</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: I'm trying to tease a date out of us.. That's what I'm worried about.. I feel like 5.x needs a 5.4, and I'd rather it not "slide" too long (into holidays/travel)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; Is there a list of what's involved in a bugfix release? And/or an idea of how much work this might be?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Mostly it's helping get PRs tested a bit (or at least the key ones), which others can help with too (self included).  Then we schedule a deadline, cut the release &amp; announce.  To lead the release, you'd mostly just be the person cutting the release, and helping draft the announcement (I'll chip in though too)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we'd set the deadline based on when the release will be "cut".  Then we'll work in these meetings to ensure PRs get tested/reviewed based on that deadline</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; That doesn't sound so bad (famous last words)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It shouldn't be bad. I would do it, but I feel like I'm way behind on my 6.0 contribution (reloadable configs) + UI Prototype</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; It would have to be the first week of November for me, or after Nov 17</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; First week of November seems reasonable to strive for. If we miss it, we can reschedule (and find someone else, or push to after Nov 17)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can probably help out a bit in that timeframe.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; note, DSpace 6 schedule works into this same timeframe a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; Ok I guess I just volunteered then :) Yes help would be much appreciated, I've never even been on a release team.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; you were conscripted to the 5.0 RT, if memory serves, and you helped quite a bit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks aschweer!  Welcome to the RT. By the way, once you are on the RT, you are always on the RT (kidding)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; Yeah but I didn't push any buttons</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; haha</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; the button pushing is the easiest and most fun part</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And there's a written procedure on the wiki.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; until something breaks...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; nothing ever breaks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; yeah right!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. So, we have a tentative 5.4 schedule.  First week of November.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure#ReleaseProcedure-AdviceforfutureReleaseCoordinators">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure#ReleaseProcedure-AdviceforfutureReleaseCoordinators</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Release Procedure - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure#ReleaseProcedure-AdviceforfutureReleaseCoordinators">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Release+Procedure#ReleaseProcedure-AdviceforfutureReleaseCoordinators</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aschweer: we can schedule the date you plan to "cut" the release at a time where more of us will be lurking in IRC... (i.e. morning for you, afternoon for USA folks)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; aschweer: that way if something "goes wrong" there's folks there to help out</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; aschweer: That scheduling sounds like a good plan</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; tdonohue obviously</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; sorry</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; see that's what happens during my mornings :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (feel free to talk to yourself)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; yeah well at least that'd probably be in English these days</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we should add that advice to the wiki</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; what, have &gt;1 coffee before coming to the dev meeting?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; "feel free to talk to yourself"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; oh right</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; sure</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so I'm satisfied that we have enough of a 5.4 "plan" for now.  Hopefully we can all work together to get more of the bug fixes ready in the next few weeks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and we can discuss them in upcoming meetings as needed, as well)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; Cool. I won't be in next week's, since I'm away and it's also the middle-of-the-night one for me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; But I'll have a look over PRs/issues not yet scheduled for 5.4 that look like good candidates for it, and will also see which PRs/issues for 5.4 need chasing up in terms of testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; aschweer: the procedure page has stuff you can do beforehand, you can do the dry run, and test your GPG keys and log into Sonatype, all that stuff</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The usual suspects will be around on IRC most days.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; Great, thanks for the reassurance hpottinger and mhwood and tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks, aschweer. sounds good!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next topic for today then is 6.0 updates, where I'd like to open up the floor... Anyone have major 6.0 updates to share or issues needing discussion?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I migrated a large database instance to 6.0.  The migration completed, but my web apps would not start.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b: any specific errors from the webapps?  We'd probably need more info on what "went wrong"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; When I migrated a smaller database with the same code, web apps started.  I put details into Jira</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; The CPU hit 100% and none of the apps were responding to requests.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I am concerned that the box was trying to cache lots and lots of objects.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; We plan to beef up the test server to see if we can draw any better conclusions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; The error logs were failing on MultiPartFilter request.  Very vague errors.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; My goal was to performance test the PR I have submitted for /rest.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b: You might also want to check the tomcat logs. Sometimes if the dspace logs are vague, there may be a more specific error in Tomcat</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b: but honestly, thanks for all this awesome scalability testing. I'm hoping we can more easily determine if what you are seeing is a large cache, or if it's actually even a bug hiding in the code</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; We looked and could not find anything useful yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; We'll add more to JIRA after we try on more powerful server.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I wonder if turning up the log level would help.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; mhwood, I tried that as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Well you can always output all sql queries by adding a single line to the config (if that helps)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Maybe run with a profiler?  At least have some idea of where it's spending all this time.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; We have new relic running on the server.  It was showing "IO Wait" taking up 90+% of the CPU</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Much swapping?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b: I'd also be curious just to see a sample from the logs (of the errors when you try to startup one or more webapps).  Even if the errors are vague to you, it's possible it might trigger an idea from one of us</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; mhwood, it swas not showing swapping, but something seemed odd.  I presume that postgres was struggling.  tdonohue, I will pull some data out of the logs and post it into jira</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2798">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2798</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-2798] Serious performance issue upgrading large database to DSpace 6 schema - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2798">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2798</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b: another idea is to see if DSpace responds via the commandline, or if it also "hangs"... So, simply running "./dspace database info" or other basic commands just to see if the database itself is "healthy"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Dalibo has some nice PostgreSQL performance monitoring tools.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2798">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2798</a> ] - [DS-2798] Serious performance issue upgrading large database to DSpace 6 schema - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; <a href="https://github.com/dalibo/pgbadger">https://github.com/dalibo/pgbadger</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ dalibo/pgbadger · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/dalibo/pgbadger">https://github.com/dalibo/pgbadger</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; In any case, we'll be looking forward to anything else you discover terry-b. Hopefully we can figure out what is going on &amp; how to fix it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Thanks.  I will keep you all posted</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; <a href="http://pgcluu.darold.net/">http://pgcluu.darold.net/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ pgCluu :: PostgreSQL performances monitoring and auditing tool ] - <a href="http://pgcluu.darold.net/">http://pgcluu.darold.net/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll give a general update.  My contribution (Apache Commons Config, DSPR#1104) is starting to "snowball" a bit with the new API refactor.  In essentially replacing ConfigurationManager with ConfigurationService, I'm having to also replace some of the other "static" *Manager classes that depend heavily on ConfigurationManager (e.g. PluginManager).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1104">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1104</a> ] - DS-2654: Reloadable Configurations via Apache Commons Configuration by tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm *nearly* there (had to replace PluginManager also with PluginService)...but my PR is going to be rather massive.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; pull on one thread</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: exactly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; We should look over the whole plugin/service area.  Much duplication of function.  Much mixing of only superficially related concepts in both.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger vaguely hopes AuthN/Z gets caught up in it all :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Unfortunately the "thread" seems to have become more prominent in the refactored API (as everything is more service based).  In the 5.x API, I was able to "work around" PluginManager easier</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: yes, agreed. For now, I'm not doing that (as that's a massive project in its own right). I'm just turning PluginManager into a bean/service... so the ugly "plugin.*" configs still will exist (for now)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Understood.  We'll get those sorted later!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone else have updates to share on 6.0-related stuff?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Alas, no, not now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I would love to get some testers on: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1105,">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1105,</a> very tricky query stuff going on there (since I’m not really a DB wizard)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; The oracle one scares me a bit :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; it seems like something worth testing at the same level as terry-b has done (although, we'd also want to try to find an Oracle tester, obviously)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; why's everyone looking at me? :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Starts looking at hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, fine, I'll help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV: one thing that stands out as slightly odd to me in that PR... It looks like there'd now be two columns... "bitstream_order" and "bitstream_order_legacy"?  I don't see any dropping of the old column? <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1105/files">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1105/files</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [Task: DS-2807] Bundle bitstream ordering fix for hibernate by KevinVdV · Pull Request #1105 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1105/files">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1105/files</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Yeah I should drop it perhaps, but wanted to keep in there for testing purposes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, I see. So, it's still a work in progress, slightly</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; So you can see what it was before &amp; after, but I will make a note to the PR to drop it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; definitely do :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: thanks for volunteering to ehlp</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; There add a log + in progress</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; help ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; &amp; thx hpottinger, I did a small test myself but a second pair of eyes is always helpfull</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any other general questions/ updates for today?  (I notice we just passed the 1 hour mark)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sorry, I have to leave.  'bye all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Need to run as well, until next time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, hearing no other updates, we'll close the meeting for today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; take care!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~KevinVdV@d54C5104D.access.telenet.be) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;aschweer&gt; right, time for that second coffee. thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:07]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* aschweer (~andrea@d157.itstaff.waikato.ac.nz) Quit (Quit: leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:14]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-160190.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:41]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has left #duraspace</span><br />
