<span class="irc-date">[2:42]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* peterdietz (uid52203@gateway/web/irccloud.com/x-rqpddskcqydhaufl) Quit (Quit: Connection closed for inactivity)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-asimov.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is '[Welcome to DuraSpace - This channel is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/]'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by cwilper!ad579d86@gateway/web/freenode/ip.173.87.157.134 on Fri Oct 22 01:19:41 UTC 2010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[11:00]</span> <span class="irc-green">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:49]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:54]</span> <span class="irc-green">* KevinVdV (~kevin@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:55]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162038.dhcp.missouri.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Morning all, we'll be getting started with our DSpace Developer Mtg shortly. If you haven't seen it yet, here's our agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-02-10">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-02-10</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2016-02-10 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-02-10">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2016-02-10</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; My clock now shows the top of the hour, so we'll get started</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Obviously, in recent weeks, our primary topic of concern in these meetings has been 6.0 (rightly so).  But, today, I wanted to take a brief break to give you all a chance to voice opinions on the direction of the next UI for DSpace (coming in 7.0)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, for the first 15 mins or so, I'd like to hear your opinions/thoughts/feedback on any of the UI Prototypes / proposed technologies that have come out of the UI Prototype Challenge &amp; recent discussions: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+UI+Prototype+Challenge">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+UI+Prototype+Challenge</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace UI Prototype Challenge - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+UI+Prototype+Challenge">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+UI+Prototype+Challenge</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Obviously, 15 mins may not be enough time to cover it all, and I'm working with Jonathan Markow to schedule some followup discussions, especially with Committers (as I feel I haven't heard opinions from many of you yet, and I want to hear from everyone)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; To give a brief summary though... the UI platforms (from prototypes &amp; under discussion) have brought up some specific questions about what we want out of the next UI... here's just a few:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1) Do we want to stay on a Java web framework (e.g. Spring Boot or MVC), consider a client-side Javascript UI (e.g. Angular.js or Ember.js) or even move to something like Ruby on Rails?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* rivaldi8 (~alexm@gardeny.udl.cat) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I don't know about everyone else, but my time has been stretched pretty thinly lately, I've only watched one video (partially), I need to watch them all.. the trick is to find a block of time to do so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; I have doubts against any ruby solutions. In every modern webapp you have JavaScript code. DSpace is build in Java. So both technologies will stay in DSpace. I would prefer to not add another technology/language to DSpace. This basically is the same point as seeing that the DSpace community is quite java centric.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2) Do we want to continue to rely heavily on the Java API (as the primary API), or consider moving more towards actually *using* our REST API (either as the primary API behind the UI, or at least as a supporting API for any javascript-based tools)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; The more I work with RoR the more I want to get away from it.  It's clearly very good, for things I never do.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; hpottinger: I have the same problem. I attended most of the demonstartions live, nevertheless I have to review all of them to be able to give qualified feedback.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll stop after those two questions...as I want to listen to your thoughts here :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I have a preference for keeping complexity away from the stack, so I will freely admit to a bias against non-JVM-based solutions, as well as ones that rely a lot on JS frameworks</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Sidenote: with regards to the hour long videos, the first 30 minutes is demonstration (and likely the most important part)...the last 30 minutes of each is Q&amp;A (which is useful to watch too, if you can fit it in, but may be less meaty)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; regarding the second question I tend to the REST solution with a transition phase till the REST API supports all of the Java API. The only concern left regarding this question for me is if this can be done with acceptable performance.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I think that perhaps the underlying technology of the UI should drive the answer to (2).  Some will be a more natural fit than others.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'm also very sorry that I haven't had time to review the videos yet. For me, the primary concern is to be able to test changes to templates, including any logic just by reloading the page, no recompiling.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; tdonohue: do you already had the chance to reach out to google scholar regarding indexing of javascript solutions?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; On the other hand, I'm very biased against single-page apps in JavaScript framework of the day - some repositories don't get updated for many years, so it's important we're on stable client-side technologies. And indexing (which may be hindered by SPAs) is also a major concern.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: could you expand on that? It is just about making sure *any of these* solutions lets you reload the page?  Or are you specifically expressing concerns about a particular technology (Java or Ruby or JS)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; helix84: good point!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; My concerns are only about what we serve to the client (client-side JS). I don't onject to any particular proposal as I haven't reviewed them yet.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; My experience with JS frameworks is a bit limited, but, I'm wary of their dependence on network availability... that really puts a wrench in my ability to work wherever I happen to be</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker: Anurag from Google Scholar has mentioned that client-side javascript is not a problem as long as you can create "cached" HTML pages to index (and there are standard tools for doing that).  I am also aware that the primary Google spiders now actually *support* indexing client-side JS...so it could be that Google Scholar will do so at some point too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so... I suppose it's not the JS framework per se, it's the stack required to work on that framework</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: what do you mean by "cached"? (examples of such solutions would help)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; helix84: someone mentioned some nodejs solution that runs the javascript once by night to create static html page that can then be indexed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: one example is using PhantomJS: <a href="http://phantomjs.org/">http://phantomjs.org/</a>  ... it allows spiders or similar to see the same HTML as a normal User would (i.e. execute the JS).  By default, spiders would just see the JS code, obviously</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ PhantomJS | PhantomJS ] - <a href="http://phantomjs.org/">http://phantomjs.org/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; With preservation, the motto is to KISS, so I only care about what we serve to the client to be simple. If we use node.js on the server side - that doesn't matter to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: I will admit here though, I'm less knowledgeable about PhantomJS (and other solutions) than others may be. I've not done much with client-side JS myself, but there are others in the community who have (e.g. Art Lowel from @mire, and folks at Texas A&amp;M)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: I see. That's an example of what I'd hate DSpace to become :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: that's good feedback. This is the sort of thing I want to be hearing from Committers (right now, I don't have a good idea of where everyone stands on these sorts of questions)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; That brings me to another point: We should try not lo enlarge the server side stack too much. What I mean: we depend on Postgres, a servlet container (for solr, rest, rdf), maybe a triple store. If possible I would like to avoid to also depend on nodejs.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, what I'm hearing from folks here (at least pbecker, helix84, hpottinger, mhwood) is that all of you seem to be favoring a solution using a Java web framework.  There's major concerns with client side JS and Ruby solutions voiced above. Correct?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; correct</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; basically (ruby is not client-side)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; client-side JS is OK for applying "a nice coat of paint" but I don't want it involved in semantic work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Is there anyone else in this discussion who'd like to add your opinion? There's a few other folks in this room that haven't said anything yet</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; (sorry, I parsed that sentence wrong)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; hpottinger++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: so, your concern is primarily against client-side solutions...you prefer anything server side (Java or Ruby).  Thanks for clarifying</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; client-side JS should also be well-behaved as far at a "nice coat of paint" is concerned: working with it should not get in the way of, say, hacking on DSpace while offline.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; My impression is that a good deal of the bulk of client-side JS frameworks represents impatience with the pace of HTML5 development and rollout, which could now be a little dated.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; To clarify my concern for ease of theme-development: a) make change - reload page - see result b) templates should roughly correspond to pages</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; Ideally, I'd like to see a template system that could be handed off to a graphic designer, so... pretty close to plain HTML would be ideal</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; tdonohue: Shall each one of us add this to the google docs or will you add some summary of this meeting over there?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, this is all excellent discussion, but I think I'll ask that we wrap this up for today.  I *would* encourage everyone to add even *general* opinions to the public Evaluation Form (general opinions go on the "Technology Feedback" tab).  It really will help us better gage the opinions of everyone</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XWxEERh0UXCOo7LhocMMaqbY2u4b6oI11oWOjSp_aSQ/edit">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XWxEERh0UXCOo7LhocMMaqbY2u4b6oI11oWOjSp_aSQ/edit</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace UI Prototype Evaluation Form - Google Sheets ] - <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XWxEERh0UXCOo7LhocMMaqbY2u4b6oI11oWOjSp_aSQ/edit">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XWxEERh0UXCOo7LhocMMaqbY2u4b6oI11oWOjSp_aSQ/edit</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Indeed, I would like to spend far less time figuring out what the presentation pipeline is going to do to what I want displayed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; deadline?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I will note that currently, on the "Technology Feedback" tab, the few opinions that have been entered seem supportive to client side JS, etc.  So, hearing other voices is important here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Add me to the list of people who need to carve out more time for this review.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; deadline: preferably by the end of this week (even just general feedback).  But, you are welcome to enhance, clarify your thoughts in the coming weeks (as you see fit)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; my main bias is: whatever we get better be easy to set up and maintain, and it ought to (in the best of worlds) be fun to work with.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Not be a buzzkill here, but would it not be advisable to go on to the next topic (DSpace 6.0)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I will also note that I'm working with Jonathan Markow to setup some Committer discussions (likely a phone call or two) around these proposed UI platforms. I want to be sure we hear from as many of you as possible (in case folks haven't been able to attend todays mtg, etc).  I'll email about that to dspace-commit</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV: yes, we are ready for that. It's just very important to have these UI feedback discussions in parallel, as the *decision* is planned to be made within the next month.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I agree, but I would prefer not to have these discussion in here right now ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; But for now, lets move along to DSpace 6.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, with 6.0, we still have one outstanding feature PR.  Do we have a "latest status" on if this is ready? DSPR#1162</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1162">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1162</a> ] - DS-2877 Import of ScienceDirect metadata including embargo and linking to or embedding of the final version by LetitiaMukherjee</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; unfortunately, no improvement since last week :/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ugh. Ok. So, we cannot wait forever here, obviously. We may have to let this one "slip" unless we can get resolution to the remaining issues quickly.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Is this something we can decide today?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Bugs have been fixed already</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; &amp; some have been reported as not being bugs at all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; sorry, I missed the last comment</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; &amp; the two open ones include 1 configuration &amp; an issue with the API key which isn’t related to the actual implementation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so it sounds like we have one last "retest" to perform here? I agree with mhwood that I'd really like to have an "in" or "out" decision this week (perhaps by end of week)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I agree, but the PR has been regullarly updated, so if it remains on a single issue give them to resolve it ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I'm worried about what supporting this feature might look like...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; assuming the bugs are really fixed, the year is a configuration issue and the API key is a mystery, I think I'll be able to re-test soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I can also set aside some time to give this a test this week ( I was finally provided with an API key to test with )</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-green">* PhilipV (~philip@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: I agree that there are concerns here with long term support for this feature. I like the integration though, and I hope someone (@mire?) will be able to help us keep it up to date / have a valid API key to test with.  I had to lean on Elsevier to finally get an API key on my end (and they only could give me one that expires in 3 months)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Nonetheless, I think we should try to move this forward, as Elsevier &amp; @mire have both been responsive, and hopefully they will continue as such in the future (if this should have future issues)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; a committment of support from some group would go a long way...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I think we give this a last test..we try to get this merged by the end of the week (if possible). If more issues exist, we will have to make a decision on whether to continue to wait (as this one has been hanging here for way too long)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; For now, we have a few testers (myself &amp; helix84). We'll move on to other topics</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Next up, improvements: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Aimprovement">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Aimprovement</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Aimprovement">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Apr+milestone%3A6.0+label%3Aimprovement</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm going to skip any that are "work in progress" or "merge conflict".  Others, I'd like to get assigned quickly or someone to volunteer to followup</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#1253</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1253">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1253</a> ] - DS-3009 Allow classpath definition of command line tools by rradillen</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thoughts on this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; one concern - that there won't be a single place to look for command definitions (launcher.xml)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So, essentially, this adds the ability to drop in new commands, if I understand it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; One note is that this desperately needs documentation.  Not sure I fully understand how to even use it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (and the descriptions sound interesting, but give little information on how to test or use it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-green">* th5 (~th5@unaffiliated/th5) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I checked with my collegue &amp; he is willing to create docs for this.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, I added a note to the PR as well on docs needed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; For now, lets move on, as I feel we'd just be "spinning our wheels" on this one without some documentation</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#1248</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1248">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1248</a> ] - [DS-1518] Support of StartTLS in LDAPAuthentication. by christian-scheible</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This one is assigned already to helix84. Any updates?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; helix84: please note your concern in the ticket or PR.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; As far as I'm concerned, this one's ready to go in. It will conflict with the other JNDI PR, but I have to re-test that one anyway.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Oh, I see it requires a minor config change?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As long as we have someone willing to make the minor config change (noted in the PR) and fix up any conflicts with the other JNDI PR, this one looks fine to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I haven't merged it only because I was the only tester. But if there are no objections, I'll merge it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; just throw your +1 and it's done :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any objections here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think this *does* need updates to the LDAP Auth docs (obviously)...but other than that, the code looks reasonable to me</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, I added my +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; thanks, I'll take it from here :)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving on.. DSPR#1226 (pinging terry-b and KevinVdV..any updates?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1226">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1226</a> ] - [DS-2898] Add support for all authentication methods in the rest api by KevinVdV</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; @Terry-b does the shibboleth authenticate ? (In the logs only regardless of the other pages)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I have hit a wall with the issue.  I need someone else to recreate my issue or some new code to test.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; If so then I assume that the “session” isn’t carried over, it doesn’t work with the “token” key anymore</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I put the latest status into the Jira ticket.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Aaaaand it has another merge conflict.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; That can be resolved….</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone else able to do some Shib testing here to help out.  There is a demo Shib site (<a href="http://www.testshib.org/)">http://www.testshib.org/)</a> which might be of use to test the basics of a Shib AuthN</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; But from what I can detect from the JIRA comments is that the shibboleth itself works. But that the results aren’t visable on other pages</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Which is normal, but that all depends on HOW you are testing the rest API.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Because I don’t use the “rest-dspace-token”</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; If that makes sense...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Could we clarify *how* this is expected to be used with REST?  Maybe it's a matter of better documenting how Shib or LDAP authN works with REST?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; without the token, dspace-rest doesn't know who you are</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; So we can authenticate but we cannot do anything with the session.  How does this get fixed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Note also that <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3034">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3034</a> is a new issue with XMLUI and Shibb.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3034] When Password and Shib Authentication are enabled, Shib redirect does not take place - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3034">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3034</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3034">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3034</a> ] - [DS-3034] When Password and Shib Authentication are enabled, Shib redirect does not take place - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; By using the JESSIONID</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I see how the session could theoretically work across REST endpoints with shib, but not with LDAP</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Why not with LDAP ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I have seen it working locally</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Spring stores the special groups for you</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; without using the token?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; You just have to pass the JSESSIONID around instead of the token, that is the only change</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ok, I haven't tried that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; anyway, if that's required, we need to document that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; OK, from my work with DS-570, I know that Shib AuthN causes a new JSESSIONID to be created, even if you attempt to disable session fixation attack prevention</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-570">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-570</a> ] - [DS-570] Redirect users to current page on login - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I guess I'm curious...how is the "best way" to test this is all working correctly now with JSESSIONID?  Is there some basic "how to test this" documentation we could create, to ensure everyone is testing it *correctly* (and understands the change to JSESSIONID)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; and I'm not sure how I feel about having 2 ways of keeping client-side state</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Checkout my comment from December 24th</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; It has curl requests in out to demenstrate how it can work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; OR you can use postman (free chrome extension, this one will automatically remember the JSESSIONID: <a href="https://www.getpostman.com/">https://www.getpostman.com/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Postman | Supercharge your API workflow ] - <a href="https://www.getpostman.com/">https://www.getpostman.com/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV: can you pull out those curl request and put them into the description? I'm not sure if you are referring to comments on the PR or JIRA ticket...and there's a ton of comments on both</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: the initial comment on the PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Updated the description in the initial comment on how it would work with curl</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks KevinVdV. I see them now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so... my comment above is that the JSESSIONID *changes* after you log in via Shib</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: right, but once you are logged in, it shouldn't change...and KevinVdV's curl examples show that you use the JSESSIONID obtained *after* login</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; But doesn’t it do that for DSpace as well ? Since you are redirected to another page ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; So indeed, the one you get back AFTER authentication should work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; yes, as long as you use *that* JSESSIONID, you should be fine</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Then it is just a matter of docs, right ?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; hpottinger: so you get the correct JSESSIONID back together with the login response?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, do we have a few people who can help try and move this work forward (re-test)?  This seems like a very important feature for REST</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; &amp; I have been able to verify with all but shibboleth &amp; X.509</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV: yes, it sounds like we need to better document this new behavior. The curl examples are a good start to that though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; helix84: the JSESSIONID is changed during login for security reasons.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; according to the Tomcat folks, it's the same session data object, they just change the ID... in my experience, I cannot confirm that... but it might be due to DSpace's handling of the session ID... so... anyway, I'd urge caution in depending on it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; helix84: so you need to use the JSESSIONID you get back right after a successful login.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Which is what DSpace does right now I assume</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; pbecker: my question is what right after means. The successful login response?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;pbecker&gt; helix84: yes, as fare as I know.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: yes, the correct JSESSIONID is returned on the successful login response (as shown by the 'curl' examples that KevinVdV documented)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; pbecker: in that case I don't see the problem</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. So, it sounds like we all have a better understanding now of *how* this is supposed to work. We just need to have folks re-test it to ensure it's working correctly for Shibb &amp; X.509</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; As I noted, there is a public Shib test server at: <a href="http://www.testshib.org/">http://www.testshib.org/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ TestShib/Home ] - <a href="http://www.testshib.org/">http://www.testshib.org/</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; Testers for password authentication are also welcome, one +1 on that would be great</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We are now over our one hour meeting time.  Any objections to continuing review of PRs  though (as we were scheduled to have a PR/JIRA Review for the next hour anyhow)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;KevinVdV&gt; I’m out for the next hour I’m afraid, so if you need my input on something please email me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV. That's ok, thanks for letting us know</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* KevinVdV (~kevin@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Quit: KevinVdV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I can continue.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, "officially", we'll close out the DevMtg. However, I would like to continue here in #duraspace with more 6.0 PR reviews</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DSPR#1214 (this looks to be the "other" JNDI PR that needs cleanup?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1214">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1214</a> ] - [DS-1494] Facilitate use of jndi.properties instead of DSpace configuration for LDAP credentials by mwoodiupui</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, I'm looking at the conflict now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, sounds good. The concept here sounds good in general, so we'll just need an updated PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#1138 (I'm adding this in here cause I wonder if we should just reschedule this...seems to need a bit more work, based on last comment)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'm also a bit clearer now about what it's supposed to do, so I'll re-test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1138">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1138</a> ] - input-forms localization in xmlui by kosarko</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Thank you helix84.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; based on the last comment to 1138, I think I'd recommend closing this PR for a better solution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; The correct approach to input-forms i18n would be to include the message keys</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I think we still haven't replied to the submitter about that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I replied and closed the PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It sounds as though the preferred approach is already running and we just need for them to contribute it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along, DSPR#1129</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1129">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1129</a> ] - Fix: Bitstream&amp;#39;s retrieval&amp;#39;s response without filename by BrunoNZ</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; this looks like an obvious win to me. Anyone willing to give it a quick test &amp; then merge it?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; I'll take it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks helix84!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along, DSPR#1118</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1118">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1118</a> ] - DS-2635 discovery facets with configurable ordering by jonas-atmire</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This was one that almost made it into 5.4, but it changed facet names, so we delayed it. It seems pretty much ready though, and fixes an annoyance described in DS-2635</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2635">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2635</a> ] - [DS-2635] &amp;quot;View More&amp;quot; links for discovery facets should sort by occurrence, not alphabetical - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; is that configurable?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So it appears that this one is liked, and in good shape, but needs testers and votes?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; correct, needs testers/votes</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; also needs docs if it's configurable (I think it should be)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; good point on needing docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I added a comment on needing docs</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any volunteer to give this an initial test?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; no volunteers. Ok, we'll leave this one for now. It seems like it should be quick to test for anyone with extra time</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DSPR#1010</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1010">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1010</a> ] - DS-2696-showJSP-catch-all-exceptions  by akinom</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This is a tiny change related to DS-2696</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2696">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2696</a> ] - [DS-2696] JSPUI sometimes fails to report error stack on exception - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any JSPUI users here want to take a quick look at this. It looks fine to me, assuming I'm not misunderstanding the bug report</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* pbecker (~pbecker@ubwstmapc098.ub.tu-berlin.de) Quit (Quit: Leaving)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It looks sensible, but not a JSPUI user.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; And returning a blank page is Not Nice.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I cannot imagine it'd caused issues, but I'd prefer someone more knowledgeable with JSPUI to actually merge it.  I'll add my +1 via code review though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: I'm looking at the auth docs now and all the properties in the docs are unprefixed. Should I change all of those to prefixed?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: sure, if you have the time. I'm still getting back to updating all the Configuration docs for 6.0.  It's a massive number of changes, and I've not been able to get them all done at once</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Oops, yes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (Slowly but surely, I am updating 6.0 Config docs though..it's just a ton of work)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* terry-b (~chrome@71-35-109-90.tukw.qwest.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, moving along.. I'm going to reschedule DSPR#974 (no activity since Dec and a merge conflict)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/974">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/974</a> ] - DS-2630: New autocomplete options and enhancements by amarisi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DSPR#962</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/962">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/962</a> ] - DS-2608: Improve collections and communities metadata in discovery results by nicolasschwab</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; relates to DS-2608</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2608">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2608</a> ] - [DS-2608] Improve collections and communities metadata in discovery results - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:29]</span> <span class="irc-green">* terry-b (~chrome@71-35-109-90.tukw.qwest.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It is essentially a code refactor, so that all objects are treated equally with Discovery. Previously, Communities/Collections only returned limited metadata from Discovery</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The code itself looks reasonable to me. But, this definitely needs a test, as it is a refactor</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This is also XMLUI specific.. I just changed the title to note that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Sounds like unfinished business from Metadata for All.  These objects used to have a fixed set of metadata; now they don't.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yep</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:32]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger is jotting down notes furiously, so far 1118, 1010 and 962 have been added to the list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I added my support to this in a comment. It really just needs a tester</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; moving along for now (hoping to get through all these improvement PRs today, if we can): DSPR#931</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/931">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/931</a> ] - DS-2552: Makes configurable whether handles or DOIs should be displayed by pnbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; whoops typo on my part</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we have plans to use collection/community metadata some day, so, I'll take 962</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I meant DSPR#934</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/934">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/934</a> ] - DS 2557 xmlui curation ux by aschweer</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks hpottinger. Please assign it to yourself</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 934 is mainly about user experience enhancements... see DS-2557 for screenshots.  It mainly just needs a tester</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2557">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2557</a> ] - [DS-2557] Curation task admin UI should complain when no handle is given - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; +1 to the ideas. not sure if i'll get to testing it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; re 934, I *think* that we ended up getting pieces of this earlier, I remember having to add missing key/value pairs to messages.xml</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; but, I'll add 934 to my list</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks hpottinger</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DSPR#931</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/931">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/931</a> ] - DS-2552: Makes configurable whether handles or DOIs should be displayed by pnbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; this is JSPUI specific. Seems like a reasonable change here though</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; looks like pbecker had to drop out of the meeting here though. My guess here is that we're just looking for JSPUI testers</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yes, it's had a good deal of review already.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; This is probably one of those things that XMLUI would handle by hacking the templates.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; we're always looking for JSPUI testers :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I added a +1 via code review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DSPR#919</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/919">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/919</a> ] - DS-2547: Adds a label to access restricted bitstreams in JSPUI. by pnbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; this looks to have been tested &amp; given a +1 by helix84</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yep</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: I just noticed in authentication-ip.cfg you changed ip.GROUPNAME -&gt; authentication-ip.GROUPNAME. I assume the correct key is authentication-ip.ip.GROUPNAME, right? (same for ip.MY_UNIVERSITY)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This seems OK to me as well (scanning code)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: it depends on how it's being read from the IPAuthentication class...it's possible I updated the calls there (I don't recall offhand)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; tdonohue: ok, I'll check</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; so... 931- I think if pnbecker likes it and KevinVdV likes it... and tdonoue gives it a +1.... it's ready?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; dspace.cfg comment needs some language touch-up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; helix84: looks like I updated IPAuthentication was updated to use "authentication-ip" for everything: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/authenticate/IPAuthentication.java#L88">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/authenticate/IPAuthentication.java#L88</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/IPAuthentication.java at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/authenticate/IPAuthentication.java#L88">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace-api/src/main/java/org/dspace/authenticate/IPAuthentication.java#L88</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 919 looks like it's "ready to go" to me, if you are also satisfied helix84</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yes to 919</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; in essence of time, I'm moving along... Skipping 896, as it still has a merge conflict (and I know pbecker knows this)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; DSPR#885</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/885">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/885</a> ] - DS-1349: Add configuration to hide submitter in item history (JSPUI). by pnbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This seems reasonable. It's a general issue though, and this only fixes the JSPUI side</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; again, probably just needs a tester</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; yes, with regard to 'common business layer' it should be addressed lower in the stack</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; that is true, this is something that could (potentially) be addressed lower in the stack, and not even *made available* to UIs when disabled. But, that may be more significant work</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; +1 to all that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It has the "feel" of something like "hiding metadata" across all interfaces. This is similar, hiding it just from the JSPUI (and not XMLUI or REST, etc) is not the best solution here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; I've now looked it over, and the only thing I could find was picky stuff about using Boolean.TRUE instead of new Boolean(true).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I summarized this in a comment on the PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; next up, DSPR#879</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/879">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/879</a> ] - DS-2490: adds org.dspace.identifier.VersionedDOIIdentifierProvider by pnbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:58]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* PhilipV (~philip@85.234.195.109.static.edpnet.net) Quit (Quit: PhilipV)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; This seems to be an important one: "also contains important bugfixes to make DOIs working again after the introduction of the Service Level API."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; KevinVdV looks to have reviewed and his comments were addressed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Anyone here willing to give this a test run? The code is looking reasonable (still reading it though). But, it needs a tester</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; mhwood or pbecker might be interested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; pbecker wrote it ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; but, in general, this looks good to me, and it sounds like we need to get this into master soonish (to fix problems with DOIs in general, and make them compatible with Item Versioning)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;helix84&gt; ignore me, I'm half asleep already :/</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; mwood is trying to figure out if he can test it, since we're using EZID.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; well, in any case, this looks to pass code review. Hopefully we can find someone to give it a quick run through</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The final PR in our list has a merge conflict &amp; no recent activity: DSPR#879 ... I'd lean towards rescheduling this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/879">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/879</a> ] - DS-2490: adds org.dspace.identifier.VersionedDOIIdentifierProvider by pnbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I mean DSPR#810 (man, I cannot type today)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/810">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/810</a> ] - DS-2381 sitemap generator skip unreadable items by akinom</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; (obviously 879 was the one we already discussed above)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Any objections to rescheduling/descheduling 810?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; None here.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; descheduled. It's inactive and broken right now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Another place where access decisions should be pushed down.  The sitemap generator should not even see objects that should not be exposed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Essentially it is a not-logged-in user, a member of Anonymous.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, that's the full list of improvement PRs.  Obviously there's a few in there that still need testers. So, if anyone of you have extra time later this week or early next, please grab a PR or two to test!  We seem to be getting closer to an RC1...it's just these improvement PRs, and cutting down on major bugs (Blockers) which we didn't get to reviewing today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I have no extra time, but I do have an aspirational list of stuff to test :-)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm also going to spend more time this week cleaning up DSPR#1251, as it will resolve at least 1-2 of those blockers... Will let you know when it is ready again for testing</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1251">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1251</a> ] - DS-2188 : Remove remaining artifacts/configs of DBMS Browse system by tdonohue</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; top on my list of things to do, however, is to watch the prototype videos</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; yes, PLEASE do try to also find time to review the prototypes / watch the videos (or first 30mins).  We need your input on the UI decision as well.  I'll touch base with Committers on setting up some discussion calls (phone calls) with you all to talk through your feedback/comments on various proposals.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Non-Committers are also *more than welcome* to add notes/thoughts/feedback to the Evaluation Form (and Committers should add your written thoughts there as well): <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XWxEERh0UXCOo7LhocMMaqbY2u4b6oI11oWOjSp_aSQ/edit">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XWxEERh0UXCOo7LhocMMaqbY2u4b6oI11oWOjSp_aSQ/edit</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace UI Prototype Evaluation Form - Google Sheets ] - <a href="https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XWxEERh0UXCOo7LhocMMaqbY2u4b6oI11oWOjSp_aSQ/edit">https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1XWxEERh0UXCOo7LhocMMaqbY2u4b6oI11oWOjSp_aSQ/edit</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; With that, we'll close things up for today. I'll be around though, if anyone has things to discuss on #dspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* th5 (~th5@unaffiliated/th5) Quit (Ping timeout: 256 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:16]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* rivaldi8 (~alexm@gardeny.udl.cat) Quit (Quit: rivaldi8)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:28]</span> <span class="irc-green">* th5 (~th5@unaffiliated/th5) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:42]</span> <span class="irc-green">* helix84_ (~ctenar@unaffiliated/helix84) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:48]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* helix84 (~ctenar@unaffiliated/helix84) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:15]</span> <span class="irc-green">* terry-b3 (~chrome@71-35-109-90.tukw.qwest.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:21]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* th5 (~th5@unaffiliated/th5) Quit (Quit: Textual IRC Client: www.textualapp.com)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* terry-b (~chrome@71-35-109-90.tukw.qwest.net) Quit (Ping timeout: 240 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@c-98-226-113-104.hsd1.il.comcast.net) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:41]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@mu-162038.dhcp.missouri.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving, later taterz!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:49]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@31.158.45.66.cm.sunflower.com) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
