<span class="irc-date">[7:03]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:03]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:03]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:03]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-orwell.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[7:03]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:20]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:59]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:59]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue reminds everyone that our DSpace DevMtg starts shortly. Agenda <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-02-22">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-02-22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Well, we are a tiny group today.  Agenda is above, but it seems there's only 2 Committers here (pinging helix84 and mhwood)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; PONG</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* terry-b (~chrome@97-113-118-39.tukw.qwest.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And there's another Committer. Welcome terry-b</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I am back from a day off.  Just starting my day here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; It seems like in recent weeks, it's only been the three of us here (mhwood, terry-b &amp; I).  That's a bit disappointing, as it's harder for just three of us to accomplish much</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Just as a comparison right now... currently in this IRC we have 5 real humans (only 3 verified "active").  While in Slack #dev it looks like 12 people are displaying as active</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm really starting to wonder if we should move these meetings. If no one remembers about IRC meetings anymore, we should consider moving them to where there are more "eyes"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Even though, we don't have a kompewter or similar in Slack (speaking of, kompewter needs a kick)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; It would be easier for those not present to catch up on the threads in slack</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Maybe I'll bring this up over in Slack #dev (post meeting), and see what folks think there as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-green">* kompewter (~kompewter@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; It sounds like a good thing to try... and a good excuse to remind them of the meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; For now, I put a reminder into #dev Slack about this mtg. Will ask over there after this meeting if we want to move it to Slack</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@162.104.218.179) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ntorres (c1895861@gateway/web/freenode/ip.193.137.88.97) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; That reminder woke up a few other people. Welcome hpottinger &amp; ntorres</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* hpottinger shakes his head groggily, wut?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, so back to our agenda: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-02-22">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-02-22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2017-02-22 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-02-22">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-02-22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We have the usual reminders at the top. Tomorrow is the next DSpace 7 UI meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The details were sent to dspace-devel mailing list though, and there will be a reminder on Slack</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The main topics for today are DSpace 6.1 work (i.e. 6.x maintenance)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We have our usual list of high priority tickets in the Agenda itself. 10 of those are scheduled for 6.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Here's that list <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20AND%20fixVersion%20%3D%206.1%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20ASC%20">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20AND%20fixVersion%20%3D%206.1%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20ASC%20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Issue Navigator - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20AND%20fixVersion%20%3D%206.1%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20ASC%20">https://jira.duraspace.org/issues/?jql=filter%20%3D%2013904%20AND%20fixVersion%20%3D%206.1%20ORDER%20BY%20fixVersion%20DESC%2C%20priority%20ASC%20</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; 3367 and 3378 are waiting for me to test.  I'll be doing that today.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-green">* th5 (~th5@unaffiliated/th5) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'd like to do some updates on these tickets.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; thanks mhwood</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Another one worth us looking at today is DS-2952 (lower on that list). It has several PRs now  DSPR#1595 and DSPR#1647</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2952">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2952</a> ] - [DS-2952] SOLR: Full text indexing only includes the text on the last bitstream - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1595">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1595</a> ] - DS-2952 SOLR full text indexing multiple bitstreams by tomdesair</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1647">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1647</a> ] - DS-2952: Alternative approach for PR 1595 by terrywbrady</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Tom Desair recently commented on the PRs I see... terry-b and I also had some recent discussions on the behavior here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; 1647 seems squishy</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I see tom desair's comment about the need to do a full text rebuild.  We have many occasions in DSpace where we need to run a full rebuild.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think the main question/concern here is that we've realized that 1595 "looks good" except it indexes *all* private bitstreams as publicly searchable.   terry-b looked to "fix" that in 1647 by changing the behavior to just index public bitstreams as publicly searchable.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Although I can see the argument that it is 2 separate issues, It forces us to find volunteers to test/merge twice... What is going to get this resolved faster?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But that means that the cache can become inconsistent with the main store, if access rights are changed.  Maybe what we need is to (1) index everything, but (2) check rights before presenting each search result.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood++</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: agreed that is ideal here.  But, currently it seems Solr indexing don't store permissions. So, there's nothing to "check" against when returning results, I believe</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Some actions in DSpace are infrequent enough that it is probably correct to defer the index update until it is requested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Don't ask Solr; ask the database, which is definitive.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; full index rebuild requires downtime</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Solr stores item permissions that are used during search/browse</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Just filter the hits before presenting them.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; owningComm and owningColl</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: so you are talking about getting *all* results from Solr, but then somehow filtering them via additional DB queries (per item/object)? That sounds expensive</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; It would be prohibitively slow twithout that info</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b: do you know if the Solr item permissions stored could be useful here (as a filter for full text)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Although, actually that's not the right level. We need *Bitstream* permissions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; They are item permissions not bitstream permissions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; How many hits do we show per page?  Would that really be so very expensive?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: default is 10 items per page.  But, you can switch that to up-to 100</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; We have a collection of 150,000 items that are restricted to the university community.  We rely on the permission filtering in Solr</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; if we change the results as we show them, we change the number of results</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: the harder part is that you might be returned 10 items, but 5 may be restricted, so then you need to get another 5, but if one of this is restricted, then you need another 1.... all just to fill out 10 results</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; and hpottinger is right, we have no idea what the new "total" number of results is</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Good, fast, cheap...pick any two.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I don't know how to properly handle the "logged in user" use case, but for non-logged-in, we could just have an "is_OA" flag.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I only see two ways to make this "quick" : (1) Include permissions in the Solr index, so we can filter by them (and if permissions are updated, it should trigger an obj reindex anyhow)... or (2) Only index publicly available bitstreams (but as we pointed out that's not ideal)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; By "quick" here I mean "speedy return of results"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If querying a few hundred results out of an RDBMS is slow, you need to tune your indexes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The #1 behavior is essentially what we already do for Items. We just would need the same behavior now for Bitstreams</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Also remember that we should consider approaches that are appropriate for a point release</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;th5&gt; What's the downside for adding permissions to solr?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Updating them every time they change.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; The only downside is it may be a lot of work (undetermined though)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; We do not currently represent bitstreams as objects in solr... they are collapsed into an item object</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: we already do that for Items though. When Item permissions change, that single item is reindexed in Solr</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Before PR1595 we only represent one bitstream in the record at all</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b: good point. I forgot that Solr isn't even "aware" of bitstreams</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; seems a fair trade-off: only full-text index OA bitstreams</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; But then logged-in users may not find everything they are entitled to.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;th5&gt; I second that concern. Our collections are largely locked down.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So, do we need to split the problem into (1) make it righter without major code disturbance, for 6.1, and (2) make it rightest later (perhaps 7.0)?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@biolinux.mrb.ku.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, only indexing OA bitstreams would hide restricted content from searches.  That is a huge problem for sites that lock down or restrict content (e.g even sites that have local IP restrictions for access to theses &amp; dissertations)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; mhwood: good point</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood++ yes, likely</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; mhwood, That makes sense to me although the solution may be tricky</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; it's literally what happens with embargos, at a smaller scale: your content isn't discoverable</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; (solution for 7.0)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; For embargoes, I'm not sure embargoed files SHOULD EVER be indexed (until the embargo expires).  That's a different question to me than access restricted files (which should be indexed so they are searchable)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, if we were to split this up for 6.1, I still think we need to exclude content under embargo from the Solr index</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; It seems reasonable to treat embargo specially, since the people who should be able to see embargoed material are the people who should already know it's in there.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; isn't embargo acheived by access policy these days?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; hpottinger: yes, I'm now realizing that...which makes this harder :(</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Don't we still have "old embargo" AND "new embargo"?  Fun....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; As we choose our approach for 6.1, we need to figure out if we (1)continue current practice which exposes embargo content or (2)make the full text more restrictive</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue really wonders if we should have someone investigate what it would take to simply add a permission filter on the "full text" (not even adding the idea of bitstreams to Solr, just one filter on all the full text)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So, for the short term:  if it's restricted by old embargo, don't index it.  If it's restricted by resource policy, don't index it.  We still get more material indexed than before.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; Ultimately, the "old embargo" is effectively saved as an access policy so that distinction does not matter</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: currently *everything* is indexed. So, we cannot get "more" than everything ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Ah, I was thinking we only got one bitstream.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; mhwood: well, yes, we do only get one bitstream. True.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; tdonohue, I do not know how we could add permissions for full text without introducing bitstream objects into solr</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;th5&gt; Shouldn't things eventually move to having bitstreams (and permissions) in solr?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; maybe we characterize the permissions? I'm not nearly smart enough to pull that off, but, some kind of code that we can use in a Solr query?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; If we index all bitstreams (as I believe the original PR does?) then filtering the hits would do that without further changes to Solr.  If you want Solr to do the filtering then that's right -- we need to index each bitstream separately, and relate it to its item.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; th5: yes, likely. but the point here is that's a significant effort. We're talking about what we can "fix" in 6.1 (nearterm) versus what is a much larger project (likely for 7.0)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;th5&gt; Thanks. Making sure I'm keeping up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; It is useful to look at some of those records in solr admin, it helps to explain the functionality that is happening</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'm starting to come around to the idea of accepting DSPR#1595 "as-is" for 6.1.  Let's see if I can explain why....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1595">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1595</a> ] - DS-2952 SOLR full text indexing multiple bitstreams by tomdesair</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 1) This fixes the main bug (only one bitstream is currently indexed)...now all bitstreams are indexed</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 2) It doesn't make things "worse"...currently it is possible to search within restricted/embargoed bitstreams (though you won't be able to *SEE* the bitstreams, though might see a snippet of where you search matched)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; 3) In reality, if the Item itself is Restricted or Embargoed (at the Item Level), we already cover those scenarios...so you won't see those in your results.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; if that's troublesome, you *can* turn off snippets</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; So the result is that you find everything that fits your query, but you may not be able to read some of the results.  That is mildly unpleasant, but it is correct.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I think that #2 and #3 are important... we need to realize we already handle Item restrictions properly.  We're only talking about the unique scenario where the Item is *public* but one bitstream is *not*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; And in that scenario you'd be able to search within the non-public bitstream, but you wouldn't be able to see it or download it</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; Thoughts?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; tdonohue++ I think 1595 is good enough for now</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I think that is a clean decision on 1595.  I think the issue about searching bitstreams under embargo is significant and we should provide some direction on that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue notes we still should open up a separate ticket about adding Bitstream permissions to Solr (or some other way to filter out restricted bitstreams of public items)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; Yeah, it's progress.  If we can commit to revisiting the issue, we can announce that "it's not perfect, but it's better, and we will make it better still."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; There is a security ticket for that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not sure it needs to be a security ticket. While it's not ideal, I don't think we need to keep this behavior secret (as you can turn off the snippets, in which case while you might get "hits" from embargoed bitstreams, you won't be able to see why)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; OK.  When I first raised it you had suggested a security ticket.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;th5&gt; The biggest issues my users have brought up is respect for permissions / leaking data via discovery. In response we've turned off many features and put in very restrictive permissions.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;mhwood&gt; An infinite number of monkeys could eventually winkle out all of the restricted text using an infinite number of searches....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; So, I'd vote we accept 1595 for 6.1, and open up the ticket terry-b is talking about, and clarify the workaround (turn off snippets), and move that forward for 7.0</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b: I've re-thought that now though. It's still a minor security issue, but there's an obvious workaround (turn off snippets), and the security implications here are extremely low (the most you can get back is a snippet)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b: so, I suspect it'd be better to make this a public ticket, as then (hopefully) we get a volunteer from our community to *fix it*</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; tdonohue, that sounds reasonable to me and your plan sounds do-able</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3498">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3498</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3498">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3498</a> ] - [DS-3498] Full Text Index Behavior on Items Under Embargo in DSpace 4x, 5x, 6x - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b: I'll cleanup the ticket description based on this discussion and open it up</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3498] Full Text Index Behavior on Items Under Embargo in DSpace 4x, 5x, 6x - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3498">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3498</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; oh, you already opened it. Ok. well, I'll cleanup the ticket description then (post meeting), as I think we need to clarify the risk is "very low" here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I can volunteer it the approach that I provided in the alternate PR seems reasonable for 6.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1647">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1647</a>  - please disregard the number of commits as I would plan to submit a fresh PR.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; we are nearly out of time here. This has been a good discussion, but I do want to ask if there's other tickets we need to look at more closely (either now, or before next mtg)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-2952: Alternative approach for PR 1595 by terrywbrady · Pull Request #1647 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1647">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1647</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b: I'm not sure the approach of only indexing public bitstreams would be best here. I think I now have convinced myself that #1595 (original PR) is "good enough" for 6.1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; I volunteer to write the "how to hide snippets" docs, I've done that before and talked a few people through it, too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;hpottinger&gt; gives me something to do during our "documentation working session"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; ok, sounds like a plan. I'll update the DS-3498 ticket description now.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3498">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3498</a> ] - [DS-3498] Full Text Index Behavior on Items Under Embargo in DSpace 4x, 5x, 6x - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; We'll close up today's meeting then. I will be available for some JIRA Backlog reviews (if anyone is interested) in #dspace in ~5mins</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has left #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-brick">* tdonohue finished updating DS-3498 to better describe the issue and link back to this discussion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3498">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3498</a> ] - [DS-3498] Full Text Index Behavior on Public Items with Embargoed Bitstreams - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; I've also updated my comments on DSPR#1595 as approval</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1595">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1595</a> ] - DS-2952 SOLR full text indexing multiple bitstreams by tomdesair</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; I merged <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1595...">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1595...</a> I noticed this was for master.  We will need a PR for 6.1 as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Sign in to GitHub · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1595...">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1595...</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;tdonohue&gt; terry-b: we can cherry-pick it over to 6.x. I can do so</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;terry-b&gt; sounds good</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:22]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* terry-b (~chrome@97-113-118-39.tukw.qwest.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:30]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@162.104.218.179) Quit (Quit: Leaving 三三ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ LATER TATERS!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:06]</span> <span class="irc-green">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@162.104.218.179) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[18:10]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ntorres (c1895861@gateway/web/freenode/ip.193.137.88.97) Quit (Ping timeout: 260 seconds)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:39]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* hpottinger (~hpottinge@162.104.218.179) Quit (Quit: Leaving 三三ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ LATER TATERS!)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:26]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* th5 (~th5@unaffiliated/th5) Quit ()</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:27]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (mwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:43]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:56]</span> <span class="irc-green">* terry-b (~chrome@97-113-118-39.tukw.qwest.net) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[22:57]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* terry-b (~chrome@97-113-118-39.tukw.qwest.net) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[23:35]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@biolinux.mrb.ku.edu) Quit (Quit: Leaving.)</span><br />
