<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:32]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-niven.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:33]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[13:26]</span> <span class="irc-green">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:17]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* misilot (~misilot@p-body.lib.fit.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: Reminder, our DSpace Developers Mtg starts at the top of the hour (~10mins) here. Agenda at: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-10-04">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-10-04</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[14:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2017-10-04 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-10-04">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2017-10-04</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; &lt;here&gt;: Welcome! It's DSpace DevMtg time.  Agenda linked above</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Hello fellow DSpace developers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; hello</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I wanted to note, as topic #1, I've decided to add a new, ongoing topic to these meetings...sharing updates from the DSpace 7 efforts.  I've added subbullets to that topic (a moment ago) which detail the latest updates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; To keep this brief, I'm not going to go into this in much detail. If you want great detail on DSpace 7, please join the weekly meetings (or check our notes)... and/or you can join the outreach meetings (every other week on Thurs) for higher level updates</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; If there are *questions* though on DSpace 7, please feel free to ask them.  Otherwise, we'll move along</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, not seeing anyone typing, so we'll move along ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Another very brief topic. You may have seen the call for participants in the new Entities Working Group: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Entities+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Entities+Working+Group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Entities Working Group - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Entities+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Entities+Working+Group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I just wanted to remind folks to please add your availability to the Doodle poll if you want to attend.  I also wanted to give you all a chance to ask questions if anything is unclear about the goal of this group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (One common question I've heard is whether this discussion will feed into DSpace 7 efforts. The answer right now is "i'm not sure, but it's doubtful, unless there's small things we can bring in"  We're obviously trying to keep DSpace 7 moving rapidly, and this group is looking more long term)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Sounds like there are no other questions at this time.  I would encourage any of you interested in CRIS, Author Profiles or even Data Model changes (in general) to join these meetings. We could use broad feedback when it comes to how we change the data model to support things like Authors, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; It would be good for the two groups to remain aware of each other's work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; There may be opportunities for small measures to avoid re-work.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; :+1: Definitely, @mwood.  Both Atmire &amp; 4Science are involved with both groups. As am I.  There will definitely be some overlap here in membership, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I just wanted to be clear that we aren't creating this group to change the scope of DSpace 7.  Rather, it's goal is to help us roadmap out *how* to start to make these bigger (data model) changes, and whether any of that could inform DSpace 7, etc</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Right.  New UI is a big enough job already!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok, moving right along then.  The third topic likely will take a bit more time.  DOI Field discussions</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; There were discussions a week or so ago about where to store DOIs in Slack. The main folks involved were @pbecker</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood and I.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We felt it would be good to bring this to a bigger discussion...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @pbecker did you want to summarize this a bit?  I'm trying to refresh myself here too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; After two weeks thinking about that, I still believe it would be good to change the place where we store DOIs DSpace generates. I would like to move toward dc.identifier.doi and I would like to to this within a FlayWay migration.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; We are currently putting DOIs DSpace generate to dc.identifier.uri.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; We do this for histroical reasons:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; 1.) Handles were put in the same place.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:13]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; 2.) we were using the form <a href="http://dx.doi.org/10...">http://dx.doi.org/10...</a> longtime before Crossref followed us ;) and recommended to store DOIs as <a href="https://doi.org/10....">https://doi.org/10....</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; So when we developped DOI generation we thought "<a href="http://dx.doi.org"">http://dx.doi.org"</a> is a doi in a uri form an put it to dc.identifier.uri.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Meanwhile the EZID DOI code stores DOIs as dc.identifier, for reasons that I don't recall.  At the least, all of our Identifier sources should be consistent.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; +1</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; What we need to discuss:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; a) is dc.identifier.doi the right place?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; b) if so, will we do this as Flyway script that runs automatically?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:15]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; c) when do we want to change this?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Also, I feel that we should ensure that identifiers generated by DSpace itself are *not* mixed in the same field with identifiers submitted by users.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; d) do we want to discuss where to store DOIs others were generating? E.g.: a publisher publishes an article, DSpace gets the preprint, where should the publisher's doi be stored?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; anything else?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; My personal point of view: a) yes, dc.identifer.doi is the place I would prefer. b) I would love to do that, but we should ask DCAT what they think. It is the first time (as far as I know) we would change metadata that is listed in the itemview. c) next major release =&gt; DSpace 7 d) I don't want to discuss this now, I would see that as part of the new data model and out of our scope for the moment.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think these are all good questions.  I'm actually wondering right now if we should answer these ourselves, or if we bring this question to DCAT for feedback?  I think `dc.identifier.doi` is the best place we have right now.  But, I'm less certain if folks would like us automating this, or if they'd want freedom to decide (based on local policies) whether to migrate all DOIs to `dc.identifier.doi` or not.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Personally, I'd *like* to automate this (as it's easier to manage if we standardize where DOIs are). But, if DCAT pushes back, we may have to think about other options.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I'm concerned that, while dc.identifier (used by the submission form) is part of QDC, dc.identifier.* are not.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I think it makes sense to ask DCAT.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:21]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And it sounds like @pbecker and I typed essentially the same thing. I agree with him ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I am on the fence about automating the migration in the Flyway setup.  I think it could be run as an optional install instruction.  I do not feel that strongly about this opinion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;bollini&gt; I'm in favor to move the doi *generated by dspace* automatically in the place where the new generated doi will be stored. Please avoid over engineering, we can add configuration options when requested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;bollini&gt; it is a completely different story for DOI manually input and stored whatever they want by the institution</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I also favor automatically moving DOIs that were generated by DSpace.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Can we tell (programmatically) which DOIs are "generated by DSpace" vs manually entered?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;bollini&gt; I hope so... we should have dedicated doi table for the conversation with the DOI registration agency</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;bollini&gt; not sure about all the different implementations (EZID, datacite)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; If you use DataCite, yes; if EZID, the best we can do is hope that pattern matching will succeed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; For DOIs manually inserted I've seen dcterms.bibliographicCitation.doi and I think dc.type.version or so.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; We can do some pattern matching with a really high likelihood.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Every doi that uses the prefix that we use to generate DOIs should be one of ours.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; No one else should generate DOIs using this prefix. I think that is good enough.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; for DataCite we have a table as @bollini already pointed out.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Yes.  I always worry about that word "should" when talking about automatic processes.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:27]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; The DataCite code already uses a field that is *not* used by the submission UI, so those DOIs should pose no problem.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;bollini&gt; yes, if the prefix match it is a doi generated by dspace or at least a doi that now is under the dspace responsability</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; So, how about if we turn this into a proposal to simply run past DCAT (i.e. could be documented in a JIRA ticket)?   We propose to automatically move all DOIs generated by DSpace into `dc.identifier.doi` in DSpace 7.0.  This will standardize where DOIs are found on DSpace objects, and should not affect DOIs you add manually to any other fields.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And then see how they respond</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; There is already some migration code in a PR somewhere, to move the EZID-generated DOIs using pattern matching similar to what we are discussing.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; What about Handles?  dc.identifier.handle?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; @mwood good questions. That would make sense to me.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @mwood: I'd treat that as a separate question. Not sure how far we want to unravel this</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; But if someone is not using CNRI handles?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:30]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; With handles you can always change the handle resolver to dspace.url/handle and use not official handles...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Currently it is not possible, not to use Handles.  At least one must accept the 1234566789 prefix.  DSpace code assumes that Handles are present.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; While I'm not against moving other identifier values around, I refrain from doing so with a real goal/purpose in mind.  We have a purpose for DOIs (they are stored in multiple places, and it's confusing).  Less clear why we'd want to move Handles immediately</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; (The only argument that comes to mind is "consistency with DOIs", but that's not a very good argument in my opinion)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Mainly just to keep all generated Identifiers together.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; My concern is that we have this DSpace Entities WG starting up that may start proposing Data Model changes.  If Data Model changes turn into metadata-ish changes, we may want to wait to see what comes out of those discussions....before just moving metadata around just for "consistency"</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; @mwood: I a handle with a prefix of 123456789 is not a handle. ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Eh, it is a Handle in the same way that 192.168.1.1 is an IP address.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I would prefer to have separate fields for DOIs and handles. I would like to know "the value in this field is a DOI for sure".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; So lets start with DOI and then we can proceed if necessary?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I fully agree with what I believe is @mwood's overarching point...that our Metadata is not very consistent / is a bit messy right now.  But, I'd rather we discuss that at a higher level first, to determine future strategies to fix that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; If we are going to put them in dc.identifier.whatever then Handles can remain in dc.identifier.uri for now.  I have been thinking that, since DCMI doesn't define *any* of these fields that we are discussing, identifiers would move to some other namespace (dspace.identifier.* perhaps.)  I need to let that idea go.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I won't be able to write the ticket at least before next week. I know it doesn't take long, but I'm still cleaning up after the migration from Monday.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; For now, I agree with @pbecker... let's start with DOI.  Table other discussions for later.  I think metadata cleanup may need a working group (and I'm not sure if the Entities WG will discuss it at all, or leave it for another WG)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Agreed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; The next DCAT meeting is 10/10.  I recommend that you get on the agenda ASAP if you need input from the group</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; then someone else will have to write it or we aim the next meeting. It was hard for me to free time for this meeting already.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Do we have a JIRA ticket for this?  I suggest summarizing in a JIRA ticket the proposed changes. Then getting them on DCAT agenda (ideally for next week, if possible, since they only meeting once per month)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I can write a ticket.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks @mwood!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @terrywbrady could you get this on the DCAT agenda? Or would you rather someone else forward this along to Maureen?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; DS-3472</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3472">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3472</a> ] - [DS-3472] Metadata recommendations on Publisher DOI vs Repo generated DOI - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I would rather have someone else raise it.  I do not deal with DOI's so I would not be able to represent the conversation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; DS-2199 is relevant too.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2199">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-2199</a> ] - [DS-2199] DSpace stores DOIs in different metadata values depending on which DOI registration agency is used - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'd recommend we may want to create a new ticket for this proposal...and link it up to 3472 and 2199.  Both those other tickets have good info here, but they are messy tickets</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; thank you!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; We have 19 minutes left. May I bring up some more topics?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Ok. If we get this ticket created, I'll forward it along to Maureen...and see if I can attend next week's DCAT meeting</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Yes, we can move along to other topics for today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I think we should discuss DSpace 6.3.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I think after fixing DS-3627 we should release 6.3 sooner than later.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3627">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3627</a> ] - [DS-3627] Cleanup utility leaves files in assetstore - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I would love to see DSPR#1848, DSPR#1845 (or something else that solves the issue behind) and DSPR#1835 going into 6.3 as well.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1848">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1848</a> ] - DS-3700: MediaFilterServiceImpl forgot to close an input stream. by pnbecker Âˇ Pull Request #1848 Âˇ DSpace/DSpace Âˇ GitHub</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1845">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1845</a> ] - [DS-3662] DSpace &amp;#39;logging in&amp;#39; without password or with non-existent e-mail using Shib and Password authentication by jrihak</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1835">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/1835</a> ] - DS-3681: Refactoring of DSpaceAuthorityIndexer by AlexanderS</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I agree with that. I'm fine with a 6.3 release sooner rather than later. I think we mainly need someone to coordinate the release, etc. (I have to admit my time is split more and more these days)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I probably could do a release by the end of October.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; And creating a wiki page of tickets/PRs to review/test would be a good first step here.  Those linked above look reasonable to me, just need volunteers to help test (most have had some code review already)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; But before end of October I'm quite busy, so I'm probably not the one orchestrating the reviews.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We might be able to find reviewers for PRs in these meetings, provided a list.... Maybe we start this by simply creating a new 6.3 Release Status wiki page, gathering PRs of interest, and then I can help push for reviewers/testers in this meeting for specific PRs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; sounds great.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I will look for such a wiki page next week and create one if no one else was faster.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; There are also a good number of "quick win" PRs still open that might fit in here...but again, we'd need help testing them out (from anyone, even just interested developers who want to chip in here)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22quick+win%22">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22quick+win%22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; (Sorry for not just volunteering, but I don't want to give promises I cannot hold)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Pull Requests · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22quick+win%22">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pulls?q=is%3Apr+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22quick+win%22</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; @tdonohue I would leave this for now and open up one last other topic if I may.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; That's fine.  We can just ensure a 6.3 wiki page is created in the next week. In the meantime, others can feel free to start scheduling PRs of interest for (possible) 6.3 inclusion</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I would like to talk for a moment how we can prevent bugs like 3627 in future versions. It was a small simple bug, that could happen to all of us but one that might have bin spotted during a review. I personally think we need a way to review even huge PRs like the service API one. To finish the support for the service API we shared the work. Maybe we can add a rule to limit the size of a single commit in a PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; huge PRs?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; The Linux kernel is like that.  Linus just won't accept huge monolithic patches.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'm not against the idea, but I also think part of the problem is a lack of Unit Tests (in many areas of the code).  We also could consider *requiring* unit tests.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Is it possible to limit the size of PR commits via GitHub itself? Or would this be a lot of manual work to ensure we are all following this rule?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I don't think I could propose a good mechanical test.  It's as much a matter of complexity as of size.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; github shows on every patch how many files were touched, how many lines added and how many lines removed.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; But maybe we do not need a hard rule.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Maybe it is enough to say in our code contribution guidelines "commits that can be handled enduring a proper review".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; But we *do* need to offer some guidance as to what would make us say "break that down in pieces and try again."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I think we need to be careful about creating rules/practices that could become a barrier to new committers.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I'll also note that we've started *requiring* unit test coverage *increases* (or at least doesn't get worse) in PRs for `dspace-angular` (i.e the PR fails the build if coverage goes down).  Take a look at <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-angular/blob/master/README.md">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-angular/blob/master/README.md</a> (you'll see we currently don't have great test coverage, yet, but we're working on it)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ dspace-angular/README.md at master · DSpace/dspace-angular · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-angular/blob/master/README.md">https://github.com/DSpace/dspace-angular/blob/master/README.md</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:58]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; The more we can say about what is problematic, the more likely it is that we won't have to reject a patch simply because it is too hard to review.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We could start to do something similar on "master", tracking test coverage, flagging PRs that decrease is as "failed" (that way we are notified there's an issue, and can choose to override it, or tell the developer to add tests)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; IOW tell contributors in advance how to build a successful PR.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:59]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Every developer how is able to do a 100k PR should not that this is unreviewable. And he/she should be experienced enough to have a feeling what can be reviewed and how it could be splitted in tasks.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Asking for unit tests is a bigger hurdle than asking for more, smaller commits in a PR.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I do agree with @terrywbrady too... but, I think if we are clear about PR requirements, we can make them a bit more strict. I'd just rather see us find a way to automate "rules" (which provides immediate feedback to developer) instead of relying on manual approvals (which is sometimes much less immediate)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; We have the rule I want: everything must be reviewed. But we ignored it, as it came from a trusted developer and was "to huge".</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I was tempted to quit offering contributions to the project after being asked to rewrite my commit history multiple times.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; Maybe we do not even need any new rule, but have to follow the existing ones more strictly?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; @pbecker: we didn't really "ignore it".  But, we made an exception for that entry...and told ourselves that testing it out (in testathon) should find all the major bugs.  It found most/many, but obviously not all of them</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; We were lucky that DS-3627 was not much bader, as another bug in DSpace 6 prevented us from deleting many files we should have kept.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3627">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3627</a> ] - [DS-3627] Cleanup utility leaves files in assetstore - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I think this has been a good discussion. I'm not sure we have a decision here, but at least things to think about.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; I think DS-3627 is a hint to rethink if we would do such an exception again.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3627">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3627</a> ] - [DS-3627] Cleanup utility leaves files in assetstore - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; We let the release schedule drive our decision.  Perhaps we should have said, "okay, we'll slip the schedule enough to figure this out, or let it wait."</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; I also do believe we've "learned" from past mistakes a bit in the DSpace 7 efforts.  We are requiring UI-level tests for that effort</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; We are not yet requiring unit tests on `master` (for DSpace 7 API / REST), but we could consider that as well</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; So, I may bring it up, if we ever will discuss such an exception again. ;)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; A test for 3627 would really be an IT, since it involves going all the way down to the filesystem.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;pbecker&gt; sorry, for prolonging the meeting, thank you all for your time, ideas and the discussion!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Thank you @pbecker for starting the discussion.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I am still quite discouraged by the lack of response to my requests to DCAT for testing of the following release.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks as well. I think it's a good discussion. I would be interested in talking more about how to treat PRs to `master` going forward (in future meetings). As I think we might be OK with making that much more "strict" considering I expect more PRs to end up being UI-based in future.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; @terrywbrady then we need to start writing end-to-end tests.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; But, we'll leave it there for today.  Let's close out the official meeting. If folks still want to chat, you are welcome to stick around and do so. But, no new topics will be raised</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:11]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;tdonohue&gt; Thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;bollini&gt; as some of you know I'm at a conference in these days so I left the dev meeting in the meeting. It was a very good conversation. I share the feel of many here about the mistake made in version 6 about easy acceptance / lack of testing. It is not easy as often we have contributor that generously share their code but don't have extra time to provide additional test (automatic or not) and other developers jump o</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; issue... we need to balance rules and openess this is for sure a conversation to keep on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;bollini&gt; in relation to the above :point_up: please keep in mind that we need help to setup the test framework for the new REST API, see <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3484">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3484</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3484">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3484</a> ] - [DS-3484] Setup a test and documentation framework for the REST API - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[16:57]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3484] Setup a test and documentation framework for the REST API - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3484">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3484</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; One thing that would help:  the larger the work, the sooner it should be seen by others.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;bollini&gt; and we have the *work in progress* label to flag the PR appropriately</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; DS-3708</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[17:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3708">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3708</a> ] - [DS-3708] Isolate DSpace-generated DOIs from other identifiers - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:08]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:51]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* tdonohue (~tdonohue@dspace/tdonohue) Quit (Read error: Connection reset by peer)</span><br />
