<span class="irc-date">[5:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; Agenda for next dev meeting, 2018-04-25 20:00 UTC: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-04-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-04-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[5:36]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2018-04-25 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-04-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-04-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hitchcock.freenode.net- *** Looking up your hostname...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hitchcock.freenode.net- *** Checking Ident</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hitchcock.freenode.net- *** Found your hostname</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-brown">-hitchcock.freenode.net- *** No Ident response</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DuraLogBot (~PircBot@webster.duraspace.org) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Topic is 'Welcome to DuraSpace IRC. This channel is used for formal meetings and is logged - <a href="http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'">http://irclogs.duraspace.org/'</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[6:39]</span> <span class="irc-green">* Set by tdonohue on Thu Sep 15 17:49:38 UTC 2016</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[12:17]</span> <span class="irc-green">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:01]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* dyelar (~dyelar@dyelar.mrb.ku.edu) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* ChanServ (ChanServ@services.) Quit (*.net *.split)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:02]</span> <span class="irc-green">* ChanServ (ChanServ@services.) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:04]</span> <span class="irc-green">* dyelar (~dyelar@dyelar.mrb.ku.edu) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[15:05]</span> <span class="irc-green">* DSpaceSlackBot (~DSpaceSla@ec2-50-17-201-82.compute-1.amazonaws.com) has joined #duraspace</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; Dev meeting starting in 10min, agenda here: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-04-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-04-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[19:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DevMtg 2018-04-25 - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-04-25">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DevMtg+2018-04-25</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; Hi all, DSpace dev meeting is starting &lt;here&gt; now! Quick roll call to see who's here?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Here!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; [looks around] Could be a short meeting....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:01]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; Hehe, yep...</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; here</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;jcreel256&gt; hi</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:02]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ah, a few more! hi @terrywbrady, @jcreel256</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ok, i'll just mention the quick reminders posted at the top of the agenda:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Working+Group</a> - next DSpace 7 working group meeting  is April 26 14:00 UTC</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:03]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 Working Group - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Working+Group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Entities+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Entities+Working+Group</a> - next Entities working group meeting is TBD, the wiki page will be updated with details</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Entities Working Group - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Entities+Working+Group">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Entities+Working+Group</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Developer+Show+and+Tell+Meetings">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Developer+Show+and+Tell+Meetings</a> - Next show &amp; tell is at May 15 15:00 UTC and you can see the last video at <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Dev+Show+and+Tell+-+IDE+Showcase+-+Apr+17%2C+2018+-+1500UTC">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Dev+Show+and+Tell+-+IDE+Showcase+-+Apr+17%2C+2018+-+1500UTC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace Developer Show and Tell Meetings - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Developer+Show+and+Tell+Meetings">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+Developer+Show+and+Tell+Meetings</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:04]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Dev Show and Tell - IDE Showcase - Apr 17, 2018 - 1500UTC - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Dev+Show+and+Tell+-+IDE+Showcase+-+Apr+17%2C+2018+-+1500UTC">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Dev+Show+and+Tell+-+IDE+Showcase+-+Apr+17%2C+2018+-+1500UTC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @terrywbrady any notes about topic for next show &amp; tell?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Thanks for asking.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; The theme is using Docker for DSpace development.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:05]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I will grab a link to the page.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Dev+Show+and+Tell+-+May+15%2C+2018+-+1500UTC">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Dev+Show+and+Tell+-+May+15%2C+2018+-+1500UTC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Dev Show and Tell - May 15, 2018 - 1500UTC - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Dev+Show+and+Tell+-+May+15%2C+2018+-+1500UTC">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/Dev+Show+and+Tell+-+May+15%2C+2018+-+1500UTC</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:06]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; @pbecker and @tom_desair will be presenting.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; Very cool. If anyone hasn't checked out these webinars I'd really recommend looking at the previous video recordings, good to see what others are doing and learn new tips and tricks along the way</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:07]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Also, I will be looking for topic suggestions for June</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; OK, moving on</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; Reminder that there's a DSpace 7 community sprint May 7 - 18, anyone is welcome to participate, more info and signups at <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:08]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace 7 Community Sprints - DSpace - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSPACE/DSpace+7+Community+Sprints</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:09]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; Doesn't look like there are any other DSpace 7 updates from last week (see the agenda for some links to status spreadsheets etc)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:10]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; Does anyone have a topic to raise before we talk about 6.3?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:12]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; OK, guess we'll move onto 6.3 update then</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:14]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; The release target date has been pushed out a bit, now that we have testable code for the ORCID API fixes (refactoring DSpace API/authority to use ORCID API v2) -- ORCID is currently broken so this is a pretty important fix, and it'd be a pity to leave it for 6.4 now that we have a PR to test</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; This ORCID work is currently in a big of a WIP state - JIRA ticket at <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447,">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447,</a> an initial PR from atmire at <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2028">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2028</a> and a new repository at <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/orcid-jaxb-api">https://github.com/DSpace/orcid-jaxb-api</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447</a> ] - [DS-3447] Transition ORCID integration to ORCID API 2.0 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3447] Transition ORCID integration to ORCID API 2.0 - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447,">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447,</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DS-3447 : ORCID v2 integration by benbosman · Pull Request #2028 · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2028">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/pull/2028</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ GitHub - DSpace/orcid-jaxb-api: ORCID Java API generated from the official ORCID XSDs (via JAXB) ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/orcid-jaxb-api">https://github.com/DSpace/orcid-jaxb-api</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:16]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; the new repository is the key at the moment: @tdonohue has created this so we can publish a maven artifact for the org.orcid.* models, since ORCID doesn't publish a maven artifact themselves</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; There's a huge pile of classes generated from ORCID's XML Schema, that don't need to be in DSpace proper.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:17]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; using orcid-jaxb-api and a selective set of commits from #2028 (the commits that don't just drag in org.orcid.* stuff), this should be testable right now, but I think it'll be a lot easier for all of us once we have an updated / cleaner PR</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:18]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @mwood yeh good point, there are lots of models and classes that we don't use, especially since our current use case for orcid is pretty narrow</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:19]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; might be good to cross-reference class usage with DSpace-CRIS as i assume that uses a bit more (it does orcid the proper, oauth way iirc, plus the extra modelling) and it'd be nice to align with that for future work perhaps?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; So that's where DS-3447 is at right now... would be good to get more eyes on that and I think we'll see a smaller PR that helps to specifically test with the new jaxb repo soon</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:20]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3447</a> ] - [DS-3447] Transition ORCID integration to ORCID API 2.0 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:22]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; Other than that, I've been trying to get through a few smaller quick wins and bugs, when I've had time. @terrywbrady has been doing a lot of reviewing so there are some PRs that can be merged with just one more +1 and i'll be trying to get through the remaining list today</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:23]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i'll hang out in dev to look at some 6.3 quick wins with people if anyone is interested</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:24]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; looking like new release date will be around May 21 - gives enough time for ORCID work to be completed and tested, and for people busy on the DSpace 7 sprint to have a test after the sprint is over</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:25]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; Anyone else have 6.3 updates / questions / concerns / topics?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:26]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; None here.  I will likely have limited time to focus on 6.3.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:28]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; Fair enough :slightly_smiling_face:</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; Anyone have anything else at all they want to talk about? Apart from the ORCID PR I already mentioned, there's just one other JIRA issue tabled for discussion (the 5.6 eperson SQL issue)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @mwood, i saw you were raising some questions about our doco for auth policies?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:29]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Heh, you beat me to it.  Yes, I wanted to point someone to the documentation on how policies work, and there wasn't any (unless I missed something).</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; We have Authentication and Authorization, which is all authentication and special cases like embargo.  We have System Administration, which has nothing to say about policies.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i;m just having a look now, yeh..</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:31]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; If there is nothing else, I'll read code, experiment, and write something.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; nothing about collection/community management generally - roles and groups and workflow etc, as well as specifically about policies for all object types</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I do not ever remember reading an overview.  I learned by experimentation.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:32]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; OK, I'll see what I can write up.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I was surprised to see this in dspace.cfg: <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace/config/dspace.cfg#L253-L299">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace/config/dspace.cfg#L253-L299</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ DSpace/dspace.cfg at master · DSpace/DSpace · GitHub ] - <a href="https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace/config/dspace.cfg#L253-L299">https://github.com/DSpace/DSpace/blob/master/dspace/config/dspace.cfg#L253-L299</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I have never manipulated these settings.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:33]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Wow, must remember that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; yes.. that stuff is at least documented: <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC6x/Configuration+Reference#ConfigurationReference-DelegationAdministration:AuthorizationSystemConfiguration">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC6x/Configuration+Reference#ConfigurationReference-DelegationAdministration:AuthorizationSystemConfiguration</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:34]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ Configuration Reference - DSpace 6.x Documentation - DuraSpace Wiki ] - <a href="https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC6x/Configuration+Reference#ConfigurationReference-DelegationAdministration:AuthorizationSystemConfiguration">https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/DSDOC6x/Configuration+Reference#ConfigurationReference-DelegationAdministration:AuthorizationSystemConfiguration</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Great, thanks!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:35]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; At one time, we developed a workflow for introducing new custom themes (so that we did not have to synchronize a software release and a content release).  It involved provisioning a collection handle in a hidden community, coding a custom theme, and then moving the collection to a visible community.  This stuff can get tricky and it is hard to explain to others.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:37]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I'll work out some of this and add a Community and Collection Administration section.  I imagine that it will grow quite a bit....</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:38]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i've seen a bit of confusion in the past re: default_item_read, and other inherited defaults like that.. some good documentation will definitely help</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:39]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; OK, thanks for confirming that I didn't just miss all that.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:40]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I was also surprised to find no way for a collection editor to adjust policies *during workflow*.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Side question, how is access granted to the duraspace wiki?  Does Tim need to do that?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:41]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @mwood i was thinking about that.. and my assumption was that it'd be too confusing for users to not realise the target collection would often overwrite those policies anyway? but are you talking specifically about policies that are needed *while* the item is in workflow?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:42]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @terrywbrady i assume any admin can... it used to be plain old self-registration until spammers upset the apple cart. maybe it's just tim though - is there an account waiting for approval right now? i could check to see if i can do anything about that</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:43]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Actually, the account I was curious about must exist.  You can disregard the question.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:44]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; We have a collection in which we need to prevent some, not all, bitstreams ever being accessible.  (We're using Request a Copy to deal with them manually, for legal reasons.)  So it would be nice to catch a submission in workflow, set the bitstream policies as needed, and then approve.  What we're going to do instead is to set the default policy to no access and then have editors open access to the other bitstr</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:45]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @terrywbrady now that i think about it, the wiki might be one case where committers aren't automatically proper admins, since there are spaces for each duraspace project</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:46]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; I think that probably is the case.  I know we pay by user for Jira licenses, so I bet the Duraspace folks may need to manage it.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; @mwood i see. have you looked into curation tasks with the 'item archive' event hook? i've done some stuff like that in the past, inspecting item metadata and bitstream descriptions as items are archived and the curation task is called, and doing fancy per item policies that way - though, the policies would not have been applied *during* workflow, only on archive</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:47]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Hmm.  I am able to edit permissions on the DSpace space.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:48]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I just need to have the policies set at the point that the Item is installed in the archive.  But we may be legally required to exercise manual control of these bitstreams.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:49]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; There may be no good way to mechanically distinguish the bitstreams that we must restrict.  I'll have to talk to the collection admin.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; @terrywbrady see "Space tools," lower left corner.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I probably cannot edit other spaces.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:50]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; The "legacy embargo" process which I would like to call the "named embargo policy process" could be helpful as well.  It allows you to add a metadata element that triggers automatic embaro polcies on items.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:51]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; Embargo...that's an idea.  Thanks!  Will check it out.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:52]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; ah yep, i see a dsdoc-gardener group in the DSDOC spaces too</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; well, we're almost at closing time... the only other issue on the agenda is this one, and perhaps it was discussed last week? i don't know much of the history here, or whether it affects anything in 6.x or master</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:53]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3649">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3649</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ [DS-3649] no longer can select eperson after upgrade to 5.6 - DuraSpace JIRA ] - <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3649">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3649</a></span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:54]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;kompewter&gt; [ <a href="https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3649">https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/DS-3649</a> ] - [DS-3649] no longer can select eperson after upgrade to 5.6 - DuraSpace JIRA</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; The error message sounds familiar.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; going by the last comment, looks like a typo in the SQL params?</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:55]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; (m_text_value vs the proper m.text_value in previous versions?)</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; i assume hibernate fixed this in 6.x anyway since all the queries got re-implemented</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[20:56]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; but will be a nice fix for 5.9</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; OK, well, we're out of time now. I'll just note that I'll hang out in dev for a bit, if anyone has 6.3 questions / issues / time to help review</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;kshepherd&gt; Thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;mwood&gt; I have to leave.  Thanks all!</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:00]</span> <span class="irc-black">&lt;DSpaceSlackBot&gt; &lt;terrywbrady&gt; Thanks.  Have a good week.</span><br />
<span class="irc-date">[21:06]</span> <span class="irc-navy">* mhwood (~mhwood@mhw.ulib.iupui.edu) Quit (Remote host closed the connection)</span><br />
